happy new year to everyone including the haters and the fake news media! 2019 will be a fantastic year for those not suffering from trump derangement syndrome. just calm down and enjoy the ride great things are happening for our country! social media giants are silencing millions of people. cant do this even if it means we must continue to hear fake news like cnn whose ratings have suffered gravely. people have to figure out what is real and what is not without censorship! the fake news is showing old footage of people climbing over our ocean area fence. this is what it really looks like - no climbers anymore under our administration!  i will be announcing the most dishonest and corrupt media awards of the year on monday at 5:00 oclock. subjects will cover dishonesty and bad reporting in various categories from the fake news media. stay tuned! a very big part of the anger we see today in our society is caused by the purposely false and inaccurate reporting of the mainstream media that i refer to as fake news. it has gotten so bad and hateful that it is beyond description. mainstream media must clean up its act fast! i use social media not because i like to but because it is the only way to fight a very dishonest and unfair press now often referred to as fake news media. phony and non-existent sources are being used more often than ever. many stories and reports a pure fiction! the fake news is doing everything in their power to blame republicans conservatives and me for the division and hatred that has been going on for so long in our country. actually it is their fake and dishonest reporting which is causing problems far greater than they understand! the mainstream media is under fire and being scorned all over the world as being corrupt and fake. for two years they pushed the russian collusion delusion when they always knew there was no collusion. they truly are the enemy of the people and the real opposition party! while the press doesnt like writing about it nor do i need them to i donate my yearly presidential salary of $400000.00 to different agencies throughout the year this to homeland security. if i didnt do it there would be hell to pay from the fake news media!  a vicious accuser of justice kavanaugh has just admitted that she was lying her story was totally made up or fake! can you imagine if he didnt become a justice of the supreme court because of her disgusting false statements. what about the others? where are the dems on this? facebook has just stated that they are setting up a system to purge themselves of fake news. does that mean cnn will finally be put out of business? how can it be possible that james woods (and many others) a strong but responsible conservative voice is banned from twitter? social media and fake news media together with their partner the democrat party have no idea the problems they are causing for themselves. very unfair! i hope everyone even the fake news media is having a great christmas! our country is doing very well. we are securing our borders making great new trade deals and bringing our troops back home. we are finally putting america first. merry christmas!   fake news is truly the enemy of the people! the fake news said i played golf today and i did not! i had meeting in various locations while closely monitoring the u.s. embassy situation in iraq which i am still doing. the corrupt lamestream media knew this but not surprisingly failed to report or correct! the democrats and crooked hillary paid for and provided a fake dossier with phony information gotten from foreign sources pushed it to the corrupt media and dirty cops and have now been caught. they spied on my campaign then tried to cover it up - just like watergate but bigger! cnn and others within the fake news universe were going wild about my signing maga hats for our military in iraq and germany. if these brave young people ask me to sign their hat i will sign. can you imagine my saying no? we brought or gave no hats as the fake news first reported! democrats just blocked  from holding a debate. good then i think ill do the same thing with the fake news networks and the radical left democrats in the general election debates! over 90% approval rating for your all time favorite (i hope) president within the republican party and 52% overall. this despite all of the made up stories by the fake news media trying endlessly to make me look as bad and evil as possible. look at the real villains please! fake news media had me calling immigrants or illegal immigrants animals. wrong! they were begrudgingly forced to withdraw their stories. i referred to ms 13 gang members as animals a big difference - and so true. fake news got it purposely wrong as usual! so funny to watch the fake news especially nbc and cnn. they are fighting hard to downplay the deal with north korea. 500 days ago they would have begged for this deal-looked like war would break out. our countrys biggest enemy is the fake news so easily promulgated by fools! will the dems and fake news ever learn? this is classic!  i know it is not at all presidential to hit back at the corrupt media or people who work for the corrupt media when they make false statements about me or the trump administration. problem is if you dont hit back people believe the fake news is true. so well hit back! we should have a contest as to which of the networks plus cnn and not including fox is the most dishonest corrupt and/or distorted in its political coverage of your favorite president (me). they are all bad. winner to receive the fake news trophy! and the fake news winners are... i really dont care do u? written on the back of melanias jacket refers to the fake news media. melania has learned how dishonest they are and she truly no longer cares! the media has a big responsibility to life and safety in our country. fake news has contributed greatly to the anger and rage that has built up over many years. news coverage has got to start being fair balanced and unbiased or these terrible problems will only get worse! these russian individuals did their work during the obama years. why didnt obama do something about it?  because he thought crooked hillary clinton would win thats why. had nothing to do with the trump administration but fake news doesnt want to report the truth as usual! uranium deal to russia with clinton help and obama administration knowledge is the biggest story that fake media doesn't want to follow! as our country rapidly grows stronger and smarter i want to wish all of my friends supporters enemies haters and even the very dishonest fake news media a happy and healthy new year. 2018 will be a great year for america! wow! fbi made 11 payments to fake dossiers discredited author trump hater christopher steele.     the witch hunt has been a total fraud on your president and the american people! it was brought to you by dirty cops crooked hillary and the dnc. fake news - the enemy of the people! the fake news is beside themselves that mccabe was caught called out and fired. how many hundreds of thousands of dollars was given to wifes campaign by crooked h friend terry m who was also under investigation? how many lies? how many leaks? comey knew it all and much more! the reason sarah sanders does not go to the podium much anymore is that the press covers her so rudely and inaccurately in particular certain members of the press. i told her not to bother the word gets out anyway! most will never cover us fairly and hence the term fake news! do not believe any article or story you read or see that uses anonymous sources having to do with trade or any other subject. only accept information if it has an actual living name on it. the fake news media makes up many sources say stories. do not believe them! you just cant win with the fake news media. a big story today is that because i have pushed so hard and gotten gasoline prices so low more people are driving and i have caused traffic jams throughout our great nation. sorry everyone! wow so many fake news stories today. no matter what i do or say they will not write or speak truth. the fake news media is out of control! hillaryclinton can illegally get the questions to the debate and delete 33000 emails but my son don is being scorned by the fake news media? despite thousands of hours wasted and many millions of dollars spent the democrats have been unable to show any collusion with russia - so now they are moving on to the false accusations and fabricated stories of women who i dont know and/or have never met. fake news! the fake news media is going crazy! they are suffering a major breakdown have zero credibility or respect and must be thinking about going legit. i have learned to live with fake news which has never been more corrupt than it is right now. someday i will tell you the secret! nick sandmann and the students of covington have become symbols of fake news and how evil it can be. they have captivated the attention of the world and i know they will use it for the good - maybe even to bring people together. it started off unpleasant but can end in a dream! the crowd in front of the u.s. supreme court is tiny looks like about 200 people (and most are onlookers) - that wouldnt even fill the first couple of rows of our kansas rally or any of our rallies for that matter! the fake news media tries to make it look sooo big and its not! the fake news awards those going to the most corrupt and biased of the mainstream media will be presented to the losers on wednesday january 17th rather than this coming monday. the interest in and importance of these awards is far greater than anyone could have anticipated! ive had to beat 17 very talented people including the bush dynasty then i had to beat the clinton dynasty and now i have to beat a phony witch hunt and all of the dishonest people covered in the ig report...and never forget the fake news media. it never ends! cnns slogan is cnn the most trusted name in news. everyone knows this is not true that this could in fact be a fraud on the american public. there are many outlets that are far more trusted than fake news cnn. their slogan should be cnn the least trusted name in news! i got severely criticized by the fake news media for being too nice to president putin. in the old days they would call it diplomacy. if i was loud and vicious i would have been criticized for being too tough. remember when they said i was too tough with chairman kim? hypocrites! this is the real corruption that the fake news media refuses to even acknowledge!  there is great anger in our country caused in part by inaccurate and even fraudulent reporting of the news. the fake news media the true enemy of the people must stop the open and obvious hostility and report the news accurately and fairly. that will do much to put out the flame... there is nothing that i would want more for our country than true freedom of the press. the fact is that the press is free to write and say anything it wants but much of what it says is fake news pushing a political agenda or just plain trying to hurt people. honesty wins! the deep state and the left and their vehicle the fake news media are going crazy - and they dont know what to do. the economy is booming like never before jobs are at historic highs soon two supreme court justices and maybe declassification to find additional corruption. wow! wow 19000 texts between lisa page and her lover peter s of the fbi in charge of the russia hoax were just reported as being wiped clean and gone. such a big story that will never be covered by the fake news. witch hunt! the republicans have now won 8 out of 9 house seats yet if you listen to the fake news media you would think we are being clobbered. why cant they play it straight so unfair to the republican party and in particular your favorite president! a big scandal at  news. they got caught using really gruesome fake footage of the turks bombing in syria. a real disgrace. tomorrow they will ask softball questions to sleepy joe bidens son hunter like why did ukraine and china pay you millions when you knew nothing? payoff? the fake mainstream media has from the time i announced i was running for president run the most highly sophisticated and dishonest disinformation campaign in the history of politics. no matter how well we do they find fault. but the forgotten men and women won im president! fake news  is reporting that i am still using personal cell phone for calls despite repeated security warnings. this is totally false information and reporting. i havent had a personal cell phone for years. only use government approved and issued phones. retract! so funny that the new york times and the washington post got a pulitzer prize for their coverage (100% negative and fake!) of collusion with russia - and there was no collusion! so they were either duped or corrupt? in any event their prizes should be taken away by the committee! it was just explained to me that for next weeks fake hearing (trial) in the house as they interview never trumpers and others i get no lawyer and no due process. it is a pelosi schiff scam against the republican party and me. this witch hunt should not be allowed to proceed! there has never been a time in the history of our country that the media was so fraudulent fake or corrupt! when the age of trump is looked back on many years from now i only hope that a big part of my legacy will be the exposing of massive dishonesty in the fake news! think how wonderful it is to be able to fight back and show to so many how totally dishonest the fake news media really is. it may be the most corrupt and disgusting business (almost) there is! make america great again! well the special elections are over and those that want to make america great again are 5 and o! all the fake news all the money spent = 0 looks like bob muellers team of 13 trump haters and angry democrats are illegally leaking information to the press while the fake news media make up their own stories with or without sources - sources no longer matter to our corrupt and dishonest mainstream media they are a joke! now that russian collusion after one year of intense study has proven to be a total hoax on the american public the democrats and their lapdogs the fake news mainstream media are taking out the old ronald reagan playbook and screaming mental stability and intelligence..... you mean the stock market hit an all-time record high today and theyre actually talking impeachment!? will i ever be given credit for anything by the fake news media or radical liberal dems? no collusion! bring back  pirro. the radical left democrats working closely with their beloved partner the fake news media is using every trick in the book to silence a majority of our country. they have all out campaigns against  hosts who are doing too well. fox ..... so much fake news is being reported. they dont even try to get it right or correct it when they are wrong. they promote the fake book of a mentally deranged author who knowingly writes false information. the mainstream media is crazed that we won the election! the fake news media has never been more dishonest or corrupt than it is right now. there has never been a time like this in american history. very exciting but also very sad! fake news is the absolute enemy of the people and our country itself! they asked my daughter ivanka whether or not the media is the enemy of the people. she correctly said no. it is the fake news which is a large percentage of the media that is the enemy of the people! cnn and others in the fake news business keep purposely and inaccurately reporting that i said the media is the enemy of the people. wrong! i said that the fake news (media) is the enemy of the people a very big difference. when you give out false information - not good! wow cnn had to retract big story on russia with 3 employees forced to resign. what about all the other phony stories they do? fake news! another false story this time in the failing  that i watch 4-8 hours of television a day - wrong!  also i seldom if ever watch cnn or msnbc both of which i consider fake news. i never watch don lemon who i once called the dumbest man on television! bad reporting. . is much more important in the united states than cnn but outside of the u.s. cnn international is still a major source of (fake) news and they represent our nation to the world very poorly. the outside world does not see the truth from them! i will represent our country well and fight for its interests! fake news media will never cover me accurately but who cares! we will ! the fake news media is doing everything possible to belittle my very successful trip to london for nato. i got along great with the nato leaders even getting them to pay $130 billion a year more and $400 billion a year more in 3 years. no increase for u.s. only deep respect! if anybody but your favorite president donald j. trump announced that after decimating isis in syria we were going to bring our troops back home (happy and healthy) that person would be the most popular hero in america. with me hit hard instead by the fake news media. crazy! patrick moore co-founder of greenpeace: the whole climate crisis is not only fake news its fake science. there is no climate crisis theres weather and climate all around the world and in fact carbon dioxide is the main building block of all life.   wow! the fake news hates me saying that they are the enemy of the people only because they know its true. i am providing a great service by explaining this to the american people. they purposely cause great division and distrust. they can also cause war! they are very dangerous and sick! the story in the new york times concerning north korea developing missile bases is inaccurate. we fully know about the sites being discussed nothing new - and nothing happening out of the normal. just more fake news. i will be the first to let you know if things go bad! only the fake news media and trump enemies want me to stop using social media (110 million people). only way for me to get the truth out! .....censorship is a very dangerous thing and absolutely impossible to police. if you are weeding out fake news there is nothing so fake as cnn and msnbc and yet i do not ask that their sick behavior be removed. i get used to it and watch with a grain of salt or dont watch at all.. so they caught fake news cnn cold but what about nbc cbs and abc? what about the failing  and  they are all fake news! so it was indeed (just proven in court papers) last in his class (annapolis) john mccain that sent the fake dossier to the fbi and media hoping to have it printed before the election. he and the dems working together failed (as usual). even the fake news refused this garbage! the trump administration has accomplished more than any other u.s. administration in its first two (not even) years of existence and we are having a great time doing it! all of this despite the fake news media which has gone totally out of its mind-truly the enemy of the people! the fake news refuses to talk about how big and how strong our base is. they show fake polls just like they report fake news. despite only negative reporting we are doing well - nobody is going to beat us. make america great again! drain the swamp should be changed to drain the sewer - it actually much worse than anyone ever thought and it begins with the fake news! fake news cnn is looking at big management changes now that they got caught falsely pushing their phony russian stories. ratings way down! the fake news media has lost tremendous credibility with its corrupt coverage of the illegal democrat witch hunt of your all time favorite duly elected president me! t.v. ratings of cnn and msnbc tanked last night after seeing the mueller report statement.  up big! rep. adam schiff illegally made up a fake and terrible statement pretended it to be mine as the most important part of my call to the ukrainian president and read it aloud to congress and the american people. it bore no relationship to what i said on the call. arrest for treason? the public is learning (even more so) how dishonest the fake news is. they totally misrepresent what i say about hate bigotry etc. shame! well now that collusion with russia is proving to be a total hoax and the only collusion is with hillary clinton and the fbi/russia the fake news media (mainstream) and this phony new book are hitting out at every new front imaginable. they should try winning an election. sad! i love the white house one of the most beautiful buildings (homes) i have ever seen. but fake news said i called it a dump - totally untrue while in the philippines i was forced to watch  which i have not done in months and again realized how bad and fake it is. loser! despite the disgusting illegal and unwarranted witch hunt we have had the most successful first 17 month administration in u.s. history - by far! sorry to the fake news media and haters but thats the way it is! secretary of state mike pompeo was never given or shown a transcript or video of the saudi consulate event. fake news! who changed the long standing whistleblower rules just before submittal of the fake whistleblower report? drain the swamp! the fake news is not mentioning the safety and security of our country when talking about illegal immigration. our immigration laws are the weakest and worst anywhere in the world and the dems will do anything not to change them and to obstruct-want open borders which means crime! can you believe that despite 93% bad stories from the fake news media (should be getting good stories) today we had just about our highest poll numbers including those on election day? the american public is wise to the phony an dishonest press. make america great again! can you believe that with all of the made up unsourced stories i get from the fake news media together with the  $10000000 russian witch hunt (there is no collusion) i now have my best poll numbers in a year. much of the media may be corrupt but the people truly get it! school shooting survivor says he quit  town hall after refusing scripted question.  just like so much of cnn fake news. thats why their ratings are so bad! msnbc may be worse. meanwhile the dayton ohio shooter had a history of supporting political figures like bernie sanders elizabeth warren and antifa.   i hope other news outlets will report this as opposed to fake news. thank you! spent very little time with andrew mccabe but he never took notes when he was with me. i dont believe he made memos except to help his own agenda probably at a later date. same with lying james comey. can we call them fake memos? so the democrats make up a phony crime collusion with the russians pay a fortune to make the crime sound real illegally leak (comey) classified information so that a special councel will be appointed and then collude to make this pile of garbage take on life in fake news! the mainstream media has never been more dishonest than it is now. nbc and msnbc are going crazy. they report stories purposely the exact opposite of the facts. they are truly the opposition party working with the dems. may even be worse than fake news cnn if that is possible! cbs reports that in the roger stone indictment data was released during the 2016 election to damage hillary clinton. oh really! what about the fake and unverified dossier a total phony conjob that was paid for by crooked hillary to damage me and the trump campaign? what... i just cannot state strongly enough how totally dishonest much of the media is. truth doesnt matter to them they only have their hatred and agenda. this includes fake books which come out about me all the time always anonymous sources and are pure fiction. enemy of the people! so funny to see the cnn fake suppression polls and false rhetoric. watch for real results tuesday. we are lucky cnns ratings are so low. dont fall for the suppression game. go out and vote. remember we now have perhaps the greatest economy (jobs) in the history of our country! ive had to put up with the fake news from the first day i announced that i would be running for president. now i have to put up with a fake book written by a totally discredited author. ronald reagan had the same problem and handled it well. so will i! at some point the fake news will be forced to discuss our great jobs numbers strong economy success with isis the border and so much else! remember when you hear the words sources say from the fake media often times those sources are made up and do not exist. maggie haberman of the failing  reported that i was annoyed by the lack of cameras inside the hospitals in dayton and el paso when in fact i was the one who stated very strongly that i didnt want the fake news inside and told my people not to let them in. fake reporting! ....the fake news media in our country is the real opposition party. it is truly the enemy of the people! we must bring honesty back to journalism and reporting! so many positive things going on for the u.s.a. and the fake news media just doesnt want to go there. same negative stories over and over again! no wonder the people no longer trust the media whose approval ratings are correctly at their lowest levels in history!     wheres the fake whistleblower? wheres whistleblower number 2? wheres the phony informer who got it all wrong? drudge report  obama kept them in cages wrapped them in foil we do a much better job while at the same time maintaining a much stronger border! mainstream fake media hates this story. very little discussion of all the purposely false and defamatory stories put out this week by the fake news media. they are out of control - correct reporting means nothing to them. major lies written then forced to be withdrawn after they are exposed...a stain on america! cnn is being torn apart from within based on their being caught in a major lie and refusing to admit the mistake. sloppy  a man who lives in the past and thinks like a degenerate fool making up story after story is being laughed at all over the country! fake news wow ratings for morning joe which were really bad in the first place just tanked with the release of the mueller report. likewise other shows on msnbc and cnn have gone down by as much as 50%. just shows fake news never wins! i want to thank rush limbaugh for the tremendous support he has given to the make america great again movement and our keep america great agenda! he is a major star who never wavered despite the fake news hits he has had to endure. his voice is far bigger than theirs! never seen such republican anger and unity as i have concerning the lack of investigation on clinton made fake dossier (now $12000000?).... the fake news media worked hard to get tiger woods to say something that he didnt want to say. tiger wouldnt play the game - he is very smart. more importantly he is playing great golf again! president obamas top white house lawyer gregory b. craig was indicted yesterday on very serious charges. this is a really big story but the fake news new york times didnt even put it on page one rather page 16.  not much better tiny page one. corrupt news! washed up psycho  was forced to apologize for a statement she attributed to me that turned out to be totally fabricated by her in order to make your great president look really bad. she got caught just like the fake news media gets caught. a sick scammer! a rocket has not been launched by north korea in 9 months. likewise no nuclear tests. japan is happy all of asia is happy. but the fake news is saying without ever asking me (always anonymous sources) that i am angry because it is not going fast enough. wrong very happy! wheres the fake whistleblower? there hasnt been a missile or rocket fired in 9 months in north korea there have been no nuclear tests and we got back our hostages. who knows how it will all turn out in the end but why isnt the fake news talking about these wonderful facts? because it is fake news! just returned to washington from france and the very successful g-7 only to find that the fake news is still trying to perpetuate the phony story that i wanted to use nuclear weapons to blow up hurricanes before they reach shore. this is so ridiculous never happened! never has the republican party been so united as it is now. 95% a.r. this is a great fraud being played out against the american people by the fake news media and their partner the do nothing democrats. the rules are rigged by pelosi and schiff but we are winning and we will win! twitter is getting rid of fake accounts at a record pace. will that include the failing new york times and propaganda machine for amazon the washington post who constantly quote anonymous sources that in my opinion dont exist - they will both be out of business in 7 years! the washington post ignored basic journalistic standards because it wanted to advance its well-known and easily documented biased agenda against president donald j. trump. covington student suing wapo. go get them nick. fake news! with all of the success that our country is having including the just released jobs numbers which are off the charts the fake news and totally dishonest media concerning me and my presidency has never been worse. many have become crazed lunatics who have given up on the truth!... the fake news media works hard at disparaging and demeaning my use of social media because they don't want america to hear the real story! i called president putin of russia to congratulate him on his election victory (in past obama called him also). the fake news media is crazed because they wanted me to excoriate him. they are wrong! getting along with russia (and others) is a good thing not a bad thing....... . did a phony story about child separation when they know we had the exact same policy as the obama administration. in fact a picture of children in jails was used by other fake media to show how bad (cruel) we are but it was in 2014 during o years. obama separated.... the fake and fraudulent news media is working hard to convince republicans and others i should not use social media - but remember i won.... just hit 50% in the rasmussen poll much higher than president obama at same point. with all of the phony stories and fake news its hard to believe! thank you america we are doing great things. jake tapper of fake news cnn just got destroyed in his interview with stephen miller of the trump administration. watch the hatred and unfairness of this cnn flunky! the mueller probe should never have been started in that there was no collusion and there was no crime. it was based on fraudulent activities and a fake dossier paid for by crooked hillary and the dnc and improperly used in fisa court for surveillance of my campaign. witch hunt! the fake news media is working overtime to blame me for the horrible attack in new zealand. they will have to work very hard to prove that one. so ridiculous! the fake news media keeps saying we havent built any new wall. below is a section just completed on the border. anti-climbing feature included. very high strong and beautiful! also many miles already renovated and in service!  wow more than 90% of fake news media coverage of me is negative with numerous forced retractions of untrue stories. hence my use of social media the only way to get the truth out. much of mainstream meadia has become a joke!  anonymous sources are really starting to burn the media.  the fact is that many anonymous sources dont even exist. they are fiction made up by the fake news reporters. look at the lie that fake cnn is now in. they got caught red handed! enemy of the people! ...it is all a giant and illegal hoax developed long before the election itself but used as an excuse by the democrats as to why crooked hillary clinton lost the election! someday the fake news media will turn honest and report that donald j. trump was actually a great candidate! i won the right to be a presidential candidate in california in a major court decision handed down yesterday. it was filed against me by the radical left governor of that state to tremendous media hoopla. the victory however was barely covered by the fake news. no surprise! gregg jarrett: muellers prosecutors knew the dossier was the product of bias and deception. it was a fake just like so much news coverage in our country. nothing but a witch hunt from beginning to end! to any of the pundits or talking heads that do not give us proper credit for this great midterm election just remember two words - fake news! the biden family was paid off pure and simple! the fake news must stop making excuses for something that is totally inexcusable. sleepy joe said he never spoke to the ukrainian company and then the picture came out where he was playing golf with the company boss and hunter..... democrats who want open borders and care little about crime are incompetent but they have the fake news media almost totally on their side! the fake news media hates when i use what has turned out to be my very powerful social media - over 100 million people! i can go around them things are going really well for our economy a subject the fake news spends as little time as possible discussing! stock market hit another record high unemployment is now at a 17 year low and companies are coming back into the usa. really good news and much more to come! the new york times has a new fake story that now the russians and chinese (glad they finally added china) are listening to all of my calls on cellphones. except that i rarely use a cellphone and when i do its government authorized. i like hard lines. just more made up fake news! heading back to washington after working hard and watching some of the worst and most dishonest fake news reporting i have ever seen! fake news equals the enemy of the people! think what it would be without the 3 year witch hunt and fake news media in partnership with the democrats!  the fake news gets crazier and more dishonest every single day. amazing to watch as certain people covering me and the tremendous success of this administration have truly gone mad! their fake reporting creates anger and disunity. take two weeks off and come back rested. chill! 54% in poll! i would be at 75% (with our great economy maybe the best ever) if not for the phony witch hunt and the fake news media! so we now find out that it was indeed the unverified and fake dirty dossier that was paid for by crooked hillary clinton and the dnc that was knowingly and falsely submitted to fisa and which was responsible for starting the totally conflicted and discredited mueller witch hunt! steve bannon will be a tough and smart new voice at  even better than ever before. fake news needs the competition! the fake msm is working so hard trying to get me not to use social media. they hate that i can get the honest and unfiltered message out. the fake news media barely mentions the fact that the stock market just hit another new record and that business in the u.s. is booming...but the people know! can you imagine if o was president and had these numbers - would be biggest story on earth! dow now over 25000. it is finally sinking through. 46% of people believe major national news orgs fabricate stories about me. fake news even worse! lost cred. the republican party and me had a great day yesterday with respect to the phony impeachment hoax and yet when i got home to the white house and checked out the news coverage on much of television you would have no idea they were reporting on the same event. fake and corrupt news! congratulations to  news for suspending brian ross for his horrendously inaccurate and dishonest report on the russia russia russia witch hunt. more networks and papers should do the same with their fake news! while the disgusting fake news is doing everything within their power not to report it that way at least 3 major players are intimating that the angry mueller gang of dems is viciously telling witnesses to lie about facts and they will get relief. this is our joseph mccarthy era! there is far more energy on the right than there is on the left. thats why we just won the senate and why we will win big in 2020. the fake news just doesnt want to report the facts. border security is a big factor. the under construction wall will stop gangs drugs and crime! the fake news is working overtime. just reported that despite the tremendous success we are having with the economy and all things else 91% of the network news about me is negative (fake). why do we work so hard in working with the media when it is corrupt? take away credentials? jens stoltenberg nato secretary general just stated that because of me nato has been able to raise far more money than ever before from its members after many years of decline. its called burden sharing. also more united. dems and fake news like to portray the opposite! ax falls quickly at buzzfeed and huffpost! headline new york post. fake news and bad journalism have caused a big downturn. sadly many others will follow. the people want the truth! when will the radical left wing media apologize to me for knowingly getting the russia collusion delusion story so wrong? the real story is about to happen! why is     allowed to be on twitter and facebook. much of what they do is fake news! the story today that we are sending 12000 troops to saudi arabia is false or to put it more accurately fake news! i got nato countries to pay 530 billion dollars a year more and the u.s. less and came home to a fake news media that mocked me. didnt think that was possible! the fake news is becoming more and more dishonest! even a dinner arranged for top 20 leaders in germany is made to look sinister! even crazy jim acosta of fake news cnn agrees: trump world and wh sources dancing in end zone: trump wins again...schumer and dems caved...gambled and lost. thank you for your honesty jim! another fake story on  that i offered pardons to homeland securiy personnel in case they broke the law regarding illegal immigration and sanctuary cities. of course this is not true. mainstream media is corrupt and getting worse if that is possible every day! where is the fake whistleblower? the whistleblower got it sooo wrong that he must come forward. the fake news media knows who he is but being an arm of the democrat party dont want to reveal him because there would be hell to pay.  reveal the whistleblower and end the impeachment hoax! so much fake news. never been more voluminous or more inaccurate. but through it all our country is doing great! just arrived in the united kingdom. the only problem is that  is the primary source of news available from the u.s. after watching it for a short while i turned it off. all negative and so much fake news very bad for u.s. big ratings drop. why doesnt owner  do something? reports are there was indeed at least one fbi representative implanted for political purposes into my campaign for president. it took place very early on and long before the phony russia hoax became a hot fake news story. if true - all time biggest political scandal! it always happens! when a conservative does even a fraction of what chris cuomo did with his lunatic ranting raving and cursing they get destroyed by the fake news. but when a liberal democrat like chris cuomo does it republicans immediately come to his defense. we never learn! google search results for trump news shows only the viewing/reporting of fake news media. in other words they have it rigged for me and others so that almost all stories and news is bad. fake cnn is prominent. republican/conservative and fair media is shut out. illegal? 96% of.... russia russia russia! thats all you heard at the beginning of this witch hunt hoax...and now russia has disappeared because i had nothing to do with russia helping me to get elected. it was a crime that didnt exist. so now the dems and their partner the fake news media..... the wall street journal story on the china deal is completely wrong especially their statement on tariffs. fake news. they should find a better leaker! the fake washington post keeps doing phony stories with zero sources that i am concerned with the impeachment scam. i am not because i did nothing wrong. it is the other side including schiff and his made up story that are concerned. witch hunt continues! if president obama (who got nowhere with north korea and would have had to go to war with many millions of people being killed) had gotten along with north korea and made the initial steps toward a deal that i have the fake news would have named him a national hero! the media (fake news) is pushing sleepy joe hard. funny im only here because of biden and obama. they didnt do the job and now you have trump who is getting it done - big time! much of the bad blood with russia is caused by the fake and corrupt russia investigation headed up by the all democrat loyalists or people that worked for obama. mueller is most conflicted of all (except rosenstein who signed fisa and comey letter). no collusion so they go crazy! fake news story of secret dinner with putin is sick. all g 20 leaders and spouses were invited by the chancellor of germany. press knew! if chelsea clinton were asked to hold the seat for her motheras her mother gave our country away the fake news would say chelsea for pres! the so-called leaks coming out of the white house are a massive over  exaggeration put out by the fake news media in order to make us look as bad as possible. with that being said leakers are traitors and cowards and we will find out who they are! do you notice the fake news mainstream media never likes covering the great and record setting economic news but rather talks about anything negative or that can be turned into the negative. the russian collusion hoax is dead except as it pertains to the dems. public gets it! the failing new york times wrote a story that made it seem like the white house councel had turned on the president when in fact it is just the opposite - and the two fake reporters knew this. this is why the fake news media has become the enemy of the people. so bad for america! a third rate conman who interviewed me many years ago for just a short period of time has been playing his biggest con of all on fake news cnn. michael dantonio a broken down hack who knows nothing about me goes on night after night telling made up trump stories. disgraceful! people are not being told that the republican party is on track to pick up two seats in the u.s. senate and epic victory: 53 to 47. the fake news media only wants to speak of the house where the midterm results were better than other sitting presidents. sorry folks but if i would have relied on the fake news of cnn nbc abc cbs washpost or nytimes i would have had zero chance winning wh the fake news media has been so unfair and vicious to my wife and our great first lady melania. during her recovery from surgery they reported everything from near death to facelift to left the w.h. (and me) for n.y. or virginia to abuse. all fake she is doing really well! the mainstream media has never been more inaccurate or corrupt than it is today. it only seems to get worse. so much fake news! ...said was a total lie but fake media wont show it. i am an innocent man being persecuted by some very bad conflicted and corrupt people in a witch hunt that is illegal and should never have been allowed to start - and only because i won the election! despite this great success! ...why arent mueller and the 17 angry democrats looking at the meetings concerning the fake dossier and all of the lying that went on in the fbi and doj? this is the most one sided witch hunt in the history of our country. fortunately the facts are all coming out and fast! the failing new york times criticized secretary of state pompeo for being awol (missing) when in fact he was flying to north korea. fake news so bad! the wall is being built and is well under construction. big impact will be made. many additional contracts are close to being signed. far ahead of schedule despite all of the democrat obstruction and fake news! the fake news is going crazy making up false stories and using only unnamed sources (who dont exist). they are totally unhinged and the great success of this administration is making them do and say things that even they cant believe they are saying. truly bad people! don't let the fake media tell you that i have changed my position on the wall. it will get built and help stop drugs human trafficking etc. wow matt lauer was just fired from nbc for inappropriate sexual behavior in the workplace. but when will the top executives at nbc and comcast be fired for putting out so much fake news. check out andy lacks past! the rigged dem primary one of the biggest political stories in years got zero coverage on fake news network tv last night. disgraceful! sleepy eyes chuck todd of fake nbc news said its time for the press to stop complaining and to start fighting back. actually chuck theyve been doing that from the day i announced for president. theyve gone all out and i won and now theyre going crazy! workers of firm involved with the discredited and fake dossier take the 5th. who paid for it russia the fbi or the dems (or all)? the fake news has never been more dishonest than it is today. thank goodness we can fight back on social media. their new weapon of choice is fake polling sometimes referred to as suppression polls (they suppress the numbers). had it in 2016 but this is worse..... the fake news media is going crazy! they make up stories without any backup sources or proof. many of the stories written about me and the good people surrounding me are total fiction. problem is when you complain you just give them more publicity. but ill complain anyway! nbc fake news which is under intense scrutiny over their killing the harvey weinstein story is now fumbling around making excuses for their probably highly unethical conduct. i have long criticized nbc and their journalistic standards-worse than even cnn. look at their license? sleepy eyes chuck todd of fake news nbc just stated that we have given up so much in our negotiations with north korea and they have given up nothing. wow we havent given up anything and they have agreed to denuclearization (so great for world) site closure and no more testing! fbi top lawyer confirms unusual steps. they relied on the clinton campaigns fake and unverified dossier which is illegal. that has corrupted them. that has enabled them to gather evidence by unconstitutional means and thats what they did to the president. judge napolitano does anybody really believe that a reporter who nobody ever heard of went to his mailbox and found my tax returns?   fake news! such a difference in the media coverage of the same immigration policies between the obama administration and ours. actually we have done a far better job in that our facilities are cleaner and better run than were the facilities under obama. fake news is working overtime! the massive tax cuts which the fake news media is desperate to write badly about so as to please their democrat bosses will soon be kicking in and will speak for themselves. companies are already making big payments to workers. dems want to raise taxes hate these big cuts! the washington post is a fact checker only for the democrats. for the republicans and for your all time favorite president it is a fake fact checker! when president obama said that he has been to 57 states very little mention in fake news media. can you imagine if i said that...story of the year!  after 200 days rarely has any administration achieved what we have achieved..not even close! don't believe the fake news suppression polls! it is amazing how the fake news media became crazed over the chant send her back by a packed arena (a record) crowd in the great state of north carolina but is totally calm and accepting of the most vile and disgusting statements made by the three radical left congresswomen... the joint statement released with president bolsonaro in march makes absolutely clear that i support brazil beginning the process for full oecd membership. the united states stands by that statement and stands by  this article is fake news!  last time i went to davos the fake news said i should not go there. this year because of the shutdown i decided not to go and the fake news said i should be there. the fact is that the people understand the media better than the media understands them! there is a rumor put out by the democrats that josh hawley of missouri left the arena last night early. it is fake news. he met me at the plane when i arrived spoke at the great rally and stayed to the very end. in fact i said goodbye to him and left before he did. deception! check out tweets from last two days. i refer to fake news media when mentioning enemy of the people - but dishonest reporters use only the word media. the people of our great country are angry and disillusioned at receiving so much fake news. they get it and fully understand! funny how the fake news media doesnt want to say that the russian group was formed in 2014 long before my run for president. maybe they knew i was going to run even though i didnt know! despite so many positive events and victories media reseach center reports that 92% of stories on donald trump are negative on abc cbs and abc. it is fake news! dont worry the failing new york times didnt even put the brett kavanaugh victory on the front page yesterday-a17! i never called meghan markle nasty. made up by the fake news media and they got caught cold! will   and others apologize? doubt it! the white house is running very smoothly and the results for our nation are obviously very good. we are the envy of the world. but anytime i even think about making changes the fake news media goes crazy always seeking to make us look as bad as possible! very dishonest! a  story in the  that i was close to rescinding the nomination of justice gorsuch prior to confirmation is fake news. i never even wavered and am very proud of him and the job he is doing as a justice of the u.s. supreme court. the unnamed sources dont exist! the fake news media is the opposition party. it is very bad for our great country....but we are winning! based on the information released last night about the fake whistleblowers attorney the impeachment hoax should be ended immediately! there is no case except against the other side! the big story that the fake news media refuses to report is lowlife christopher steeles many meetings with deputy a.g. bruce ohr and his beautiful wife nelly. it was fusion gps that hired steele to write the phony and discredited dossier paid for by crooked hillary and the dnc.... i am the only person in america who could say that im bringing our great troops back home with victory and get bad press. it is fake news and pundits who have failed for years that are doing the complaining. if i stayed in endless wars forever they would still be unhappy! wow! cnn ratings are way down record lows. people are getting tired of so many fake stories and anti-trump lies. chris cuomo was rewarded for lowest morning ratings with a prime time spot - which is failing badly and not helping the dumbest man on television don lemon! does the fake news media ever mention the fact that republicans with the very important help of my campaign rallies won the united states senate 53 to 47? all i hear is that the open border dems won the house. senate alone approves judges and others. big republican win! reports by  that i will be working on the apprentice during my presidency even part time are ridiculous and untrue - fake news! the fake news media has never been so wrong or so dirty. purposely incorrect stories and phony sources to meet their agenda of hate. sad! the story by axios that president trump wanted to blow up large hurricanes with nuclear weapons prior to reaching shore is ridiculous. i never said this. just more fake news! dow hit a new intraday all-time high! i wonder whether or not the fake news media will so report? ....the fake news media builds bob mueller up as a saint when in actuality he is the exact opposite. he is doing tremendous damage to our criminal justice system where he is only looking at one side and not the other. heroes will come of this and it wont be mueller and his... i was extremely calm yesterday with my meeting with pelosi and schumer knowing that they would say i was raging which they always do along with their partner the fake news media. well so many stories about the meeting use the rage narrative anyway - fake and corrupt press! so if comey and the top people in the fbi were dirty cops and cheated on the fisa court wouldnt all of these phony cases have to be overturned or dismissed? they went after me with the fake dossier paid for by crooked hillary and the dnc which they illegally presented to fisa... . and  should be ashamed of themselves for having such a horrible technical breakdown in the middle of the debate. truly unprofessional and only worthy of a fake news organization which they are! is it really possible that bruce ohr whose wife nellie was paid by simpson and gps fusion for work done on the fake dossier and who was used as a pawn in this whole scam (witch hunt) is still working for the department of justice????? can this really be so????? both commiecast msnbc and fake news cnn are watching their ratings tank.  fredo on cnn is dying. dont know why  wants to be more like them? theyll all die together as other outlets take their place. only pro trump fox shows do well. rest are nothing. hows shep doing? the fake news washington post amazons chief lobbyist has another (of many) phony headlines trump defiant as china adds trade penalties. wrong! should read trump defiant as u.s. adds trade penalties will end barriers and massive  i.p. theft. typically bad reporting! rasmussen and others have my approval ratings at around 50% which is higher than obama and yet the political pundits love saying my approval ratings are somewhat low. they know they are lying when they say it. turn off the show - fake news! the fake news networks are working overtime in puerto rico doing their best to take the spirit away from our soldiers and first r. shame! the fake news media is going crazy! they are totally unhinged and in many ways after witnessing first hand the damage they do to so many innocent and decent people i enjoy watching. in 7 years when i am no longer in office their ratings will dry up and they will be gone! i believe that if people stoped using or subscribing to  they would be forced to make big changes at  which is dying in the ratings anyway. it is so unfair with such bad fake news! why wouldnt they act. when the world watches  it gets a false picture of usa. sad! . now admits that he made up a completely ludicrous quote attributing it to me. this is whats going on in the age of fake news. people think they can say anything and get away with it. really the libel laws should be changed to hold fake news media accountable! wow! hunter biden is being forced to leave a chinese company. now watch the fake news wrap their greasy and very protective arms around him. only softball questions of him please! when you hear the fake news talking negatively about my meeting with president putin and all that i gave up remember i gave up nothing we merely talked about future benefits for both countries. also we got along very well which is a good thing except for the corrupt media! .  put out a phony photo of an empty arena hours before i arrived @ the venue w/ thousands of people outside on their way in. real photos now shown as i spoke. packed house many people unable to get in. demand apology and retraction from fake news wapo!  why was the fbi giving so much information to the fake news media. they are not supposed to be doing that and knowing the enemy of the people fake news they put their own spin on it - truth doesnt matter to them! just read the nice remarks by president jimmy carter about me and how badly i am treated by the press (fake news). thank you mr. president! keep hearing about tiny amount of money spent on facebook ads. what about the billions of dollars of fake news on cnn abc nbc and cbs? the new york times had no legitimate sources which would be totally illegal concerning the mueller report. in fact they probably had no sources at all! they are a fake news paper who have already been forced to apologize for their incorrect and very bad reporting on me! ....about all of the one sided fake media coverage (collusion with crooked h?) that i had to endure during my very successful presidential campaign. what about the now revealed bias by facebook and many others. roger stone didnt even work for me anywhere near the election! the fake news doesnt dare mention the corrupt democrats!  . of the washington post just admitted that his picture was a fake (fraud?) showing an almost empty arena last night for my speech in pensacola when in fact he knew the arena was packed (as shown also on t.v.). fake news he should be fired. .  bob mueller isnt your whole investigation premised on a fake dossier paid for by hillary created by a man who hates donald trump and used to con a fisa court judge. bob i really think its time for you to give up your phony investigation. no collusion! fake news is so bad for our country!  only 25 percent want the president impeached which is pretty low considering the volume of fake news coverage but pretty high considering the fact that i did nothing wrong. it is all just a continuation of the greatest scam and witch hunt in the history of our country! it is incredible to watch and read the fake news and how they pull out all stops to protect sleepy joe biden and his thrown out of the military son hunter who was handed $100000 a month (plusplus) from a ukrainian based company even though he had no experience in energy... the fake news media loves saying so little happened at my first summit with kim jong un. wrong! after 40 years of doing nothing with north korea but being taken to the cleaners and with a major war ready to start in a short 15 months relationships built hostages and remains.... with so much talk about the wall people are losing sight of the great job being done on our southern border by border patrol ice and our great military. remember the caravans? well they didnt get through and none are forming or on their way. border is tight. fake news silent! the syrian raid was so perfectly carried out with such precision that the only way the fake news media could demean was by my use of the term mission accomplished. i knew they would seize on this but felt it is such a great military term it should be brought back. use often! bill barr did not decline my request to talk about ukraine. the story was a fake washington post con job with an anonymous source that doesnt exist. just read the transcript. the justice department already ruled that the call was good. we dont have freedom of the press! the amazon washington post and three lowlife reporters matt zapotosky josh dawsey and carol leonnig wrote another fake news story without any sources (pure fiction) about bill barr and myself. we both deny this story which they knew before they wrote it. a garbage newspaper! fake news cnn made a vicious and purposeful mistake yesterday. they were caught red handed just like lonely brian ross at abc news (who should be immediately fired for his mistake). watch to see if  fires those responsible or was it just gross incompetence? democrats are allowing no transparency at the witch hunt hearings. if republicans ever did this they would be excoriated by the fake news. let the facts come out from the charade of people most of whom i do not know they are interviewing for 9 hours each not selective leaks. the summit with russia was a great success except with the real enemy of the people the fake news media. i look forward to our second meeting so that we can start implementing some of the many things discussed including stopping terrorism security for israel nuclear........ while i had a great meeting with nato raising vast amounts of money i had an even better meeting with vladimir putin of russia. sadly it is not being reported that way - the fake news is going crazy! so now that matt lauer is gone when will the fake news practitioners at nbc be terminating the contract of phil griffin? and will they terminate low ratings joe scarborough based on the unsolved mystery that took place in florida years ago? investigate! the highly respected farm journal has just announced my approval rating with our great farmers at 74% and that despite all of the fake and corrupt news that they are forced to endure. farmers have been unfairly treated for many years - and that is turning around fast! the totally inaccurate reporting by lawrence odonnell for which he has been forced by nbc to apologize is no different than the horrible corrupt and fraudulent fake news that i (and many millions of great supporters) have had to put up with for years. so bad for the usa! for all of the fake news reporters that dont have a clue as to what the law is relative to presidential powers china etc. try looking at the emergency economic powers act of 1977. case closed! now the press is trying to sell the fact that i wanted a moat stuffed with alligators and snakes with an electrified fence and sharp spikes on top at our southern border. i may be tough on border security but not that tough. the press has gone crazy. fake news! nothing funny about tired saturday night live on fake news nbc! question is how do the networks get away with these total republican hit jobs without retribution? likewise for many other shows? very unfair and should be looked into. this is the real collusion! the fake news media in particular the failing  is writing phony and exaggerated accounts of the border detention centers. first of all people should not be entering our country illegally only for us to then have to care for them. we should be allowed to focus on ..... kimberley strassel should get the pulitzer. she is a treasure (and i dont know her) who correctly called the russia hoax right from the start! others who were soooo wrong will get the prize. fake news!  the white house correspondents dinner is dead as we know it. this was a total disaster and an embarrassment to our great country and all that it stands for. fake news is alive and well and beautifully represented on saturday night! the fake news media wants to stay as far away as possible from the ukraine and china deals made by the bidens. a corrupt media is so bad for our country! in actuality the media may be even more corrupt than the bidens which is hard to do! fridays tour showed vividly to politicians and the media how well run and clean the childrens detention centers are. great reviews! failing  story was fake! the adult single men areas were clean but crowded - also loaded up with a big percentage of criminals...... watching fake news cnn is better than watching shepard smith the lowest rated show on  actually whenever possible i turn to  why isn't the senate intel committee looking into the fake news networks in our country to see why so much of our news is just made up-fake! the fake news photoshopped pictures of melania then propelled conspiracy theories that its actually not her by my side in alabama and other places. they are only getting more deranged with time! with all of the fake news coming out of nbc and the networks at what point is it appropriate to challenge their license? bad for country! the story in the new york times regarding jim webb being considered as the next secretary of defense is fake news. im sure he is a fine man but i dont know jim and never met him. patrick shanahan who is acting secretary of defense is doing a great job! fake news is at an all time high. where is their apology to me for all of the incorrect stories??? the tax cut/reform bill including massive alaska drilling and the repeal of the highly unpopular individual mandate brought it all together as to what an incredible year we had. dont let the fake news convince you otherwise...and our insider polls are strong! clinton campaign and dnc paid for research that led to the anti-trump fake news dossier. the victim here is the president.  while i know its not presidential to take on a lowlife like omarosa and while i would rather not be doing so this is a modern day form of communication and i know the fake news media will be working overtime to make even wacky omarosa look legitimate as possible. sorry! here we go with the fake polls. just like what happened with the election against crooked hillary clinton. abc nbc cnn   they all got it wrong on purpose. suppression polls so early? they will never learn! while the fake news loves to talk about my so-called low approval rating  just showed that my rating on dec. 28 2017 was approximately the same as president obama on dec. 28 2009 which was 47%...and this despite massive negative trump coverage and russia hoax! i just watched a fake reporter from the amazon washington post say the white house is chaotic there does not seem to be a strategy for this shutdown. there is no plan. the fakes always like talking chaos there is none. in fact theres almost nobody in the w.h. but me and... we are simultaneously fighting the fake news media and their partner the democrat party. always tough to beat the press but people are beginning to see how totally corrupt they are and it makes our job a whole lot easier! the fake news refuses to report the success of the first 6 months: s.c. surging economy and jobsborder and military securityisis and ms-13 etc. sean spicer is a wonderful person who took tremendous abuse from the fake news media - but his future is bright! before i arrived in france the fake and disgusting news was saying that relations with the 6 others countries in the g-7 are very tense and that the two days of meetings will be a disaster. just like they are trying to force a recession they are trying to will america into.. the failing ny times fake news story today about breast feeding must be called out. the u.s. strongly supports breast feeding but we dont believe women should be denied access to formula. many women need this option because of malnutrition and poverty. tonight we forcefully condemn the blatant corruption of the democrat party the fake news media and the rogue bureaucrats of the deep state. the only message these radicals will understand is a crushing defeat on november 3 2020!   the meeting between president putin and myself was a great success except in the fake news media! i never asked comey to stop investigating flynn. just more fake news covering another comey lie! we signed two pieces of major legislation this week criminal justice reform and the farm bill. these are two big deals but all the fake news media wants to talk about is the mistake of bringing our young people back home from the never ending wars. it all began 19 years ago! the fake news washington post and even more fake news new york times are writing stories that there is infighting with respect to my strong policy in the middle east. there is no infighting whatsoever.... ....the only collusion with russia was with the democrats so now they are looking at my tweets (along with 53 million other people) - the rigged witch hunt continues! how stupid and unfair to our country....and so the fake news doesnt waste my time with dumb questions no.... do you believe that the fake news media is pushing hard on a story that i am going to replace a.g. jeff sessions with epa chief scott pruitt who is doing a great job but is totally under siege? do people really believe this stuff? so much of the media is dishonest and corrupt! in france we are all laughing at how knowingly inaccurate the u.s. reporting of events and conversations at the g-7 is. these leaders and many others are getting a major case study of fake news at its finest! theyve got it all wrong from iran to china tariffs to boris! why doesnt the fake news media state that the trump administrations anti-trust division has been and is opposed to the atandt purchase of time warner in a currently ongoing trial. such a disgrace in reporting! what will be disclosed is that there was no basis for these fisa warrants that the important information was kept from the court theres going to be a disproportionate influence of the (fake) dossier. basically you have a counter terrorism tool used to spy on a presidential... ...the fake news will knowingly lie and demean in order make the tremendous success of the trump administration and me look as bad as possible. they use non-existent sources and write stories that are total fiction. our country is doing so well yet this is a sad day in america! the new fake news narrative is that there is chaos in the white house. wrong! people will always come and go and i want strong dialogue before making a final decision. i still have some people that i want to change (always seeking perfection). there is no chaos only great energy! these radical left do nothing democrats are doing great harm to our country. they are lying and cheating like never before in our countrys history in order to destabilize the united states of america and its upcoming 2020 election. they and the fake news media are dangerous and bad! the stock market is setting record after record and unemployment is at a 17 year low. so many things accomplished by the trump administration perhaps more than any other president in first year. sadly will never be reported correctly by the fake news media! for all of the fake news sunday political shows whose bias and dishonesty is greater than ever seen in our country before please inform your viewers that our economy is setting records with more people employed today than at any time in u.s. history our military which.... the fake news media wants so badly to see a major confrontation with russia even a confrontation that could lead to war. they are pushing so recklessly hard and hate the fact that ill probably have a good relationship with putin. we are doing much better than any other country! doral in miami would have been the best place to hold the g-7 and free but too much heat from the do nothing radical left democrats and their partner the fake news media! im surprised that they allow me to give up my $400000 plus presidential salary! well find someplace else! you have a fake dossier gathered by steele paid by the clinton team to get information on trump. the dossier is fake nothing in it has been verified. it then filters into our american court system in order to spy on barrack obama and hillary clintons political opponent...... so if there was knowingly and acknowledged to be zero crime when the special counsel was appointed and if the appointment was made based on the fake dossier (paid for by crooked hillary) and now disgraced andrew mccabe (he and all stated no crime) then the special counsel....... the d.c. wolves and fake news media are reading far too much into people being forced by courts to testify before congress. i am fighting for future presidents and the office of the president. other than that i would actually like people to testify. don mcgahns respected.... ...does not include the fake washington post which is used as a lobbyist and should so  register. if the p.o. increased its parcel rates amazons shipping costs would rise by $2.6 billion. this post office scam must stop. amazon must pay real costs (and taxes) now! some members of the media are very angry at the fake story in the new york times. they actually called to complain and apologize - a big step forward. from the day i announced the times has been fake news and with their disgusting new board member it will only get worse! the media has been speculating that i fired rex tillerson or that he would be leaving soon - fake news! hes not leaving and while we disagree on certain subjects (i call the final shots) we work well together and america is highly respected again! i had a great meeting with putin and the fake news used every bit of their energy to try and disparage it. so bad for our country! thank you very much for revealing the incredible facts which the fake news media will never do!    trump urges unity vs. racism was the correct description in the first headline by the failing new york times but it was quickly changed to assailing hate but not guns after the radical left democrats went absolutely crazy! fake news - thats what were up against... so sad and unfair that the fcc wouldnt approve the sinclair broadcast merger with tribune. this would have been a great and much needed conservative voice for and of the people. liberal fake news nbc and comcast gets approved much bigger but not sinclair. disgraceful! when will the fake news media start asking democrats if they are ok with the hiring of christopher steele a foreign agent paid for by crooked hillary and the dnc to dig up dirt and write a phony dossier against the presidential candidate of the opposing party......... i never asked comey for personal loyalty. i hardly even knew this guy. just another of his many lies. his memos are self serving and fake! i never said give teachers guns like was stated on fake news  and  what i said was to look at the possibility of giving concealed guns to gun adept teachers with military or special training experience - only the best. 20% of teachers a lot would now be able to it is the same fake news media that said there is no path to victory for trump that is now pushing the phony russia story. a total scam! bad ratings  and  got scammed when they covered the anti-trump russia rally wall-to-wall. they probably knew it was fake news but because it was a rally against me they pushed it hard anyway. two really dishonest newscasters but the public is wise! lanny davis admits being anonymous source in cnn report.   oh well so much for cnn saying it wasnt lanny. no wonder their ratings are so low its fake news! ....fake news will be working hard to find them. great love all around. also big trade deal is possible once u.k. gets rid of the shackles. already starting to talk! former  editor jill abramson rips paper unmistakably anti-trump bias.ms. abramson is 100% correct. horrible and totally dishonest reporting on almost everything they write. hence the term fake news enemy of the people and opposition party! ...four reporters spotted melania in the white house last week walking merrily along to a meeting. they never reported the sighting because it would hurt the sick narrative that she was living in a different part of the world was really ill or whatever. fake news is really bad! fbi texts have revealed anti-trump bias.   big news but the fake news doesnt want to cover. total corruption - the witch hunt has turned out to be a scam! at some point soon the mainstream media will have to cover correctly too big a story! too bad a large portion of the media refuses to report the lies and corruption having to do with the rigged witch hunt - but that is why we call them fake news! russian officials must be laughing at the u.s. and how a lame excuse for why the dems lost the election has taken over the fake news. ...i campaigned on getting out of syria and other places. now when i start getting out the fake news media or some failed generals who were unable to do the job before i arrived like to complain about me and my tactics which are working. just doing what i said i was going to do! fake news is reporting that i am talking to mark burnett about doing a big show perhaps the apprentice after the presidency which i would assume they mean in 5 years. this is not true never had such a conversation dont even have time to think about it. false reporting! the white house is running very smoothly despite phony witch hunts etc. there is great energy and unending stamina both necessary to get things done. we are accomplishing the unthinkable and setting positive records while doing so! fake news is going bonkers! michaels cohens attorney clarified the record saying his client does not know if president trump knew about the trump tower meeting (out of which came nothing!). the answer is that i did not know about the meeting. just another phony story by the fake news media! i have a great relationship with angela merkel of germany but the fake news media only shows the bad photos (implying anger) of negotiating an agreement - where i am asking for things that no other american president would ask for!  wow  is blowing away the competition in the morning ratings. morning joe is a dead show with very few people watching and sadly fake news cnn is also doing poorly. too much hate and inaccurately reported stories - too predictable! when will sleepy eyes chuck todd and  start talking about the obama surveillance scandal and stop with the fake trump/russia story? the navy put out a disclaimer on the mccain story. looks like the story was an exaggeration or even fake news - but why not everything else is! watched some of the fake news political shows this morning and continue to be amazed at how every question is asked in the most negative way. the mainstream media should be ashamed of itself - but the good news is that the usa is wise to your game of dishonesty and deception! thank you to general john kelly who is doing a fantastic job and all of the staff and others in the white house for a job well done. long hours and fake reporting makes your job more difficult but it is always great to win and few have won more than us! a woman i dont know and to the best of my knowledge never met is on the front page of the fake news washington post saying i kissed her (for two minutes yet) in the lobby of trump tower 12 years ago. never happened! who would do this in a public space with live security...... only fake polls show us behind the motley crew. we are looking really good but it is far too early to be focused on that. much work to do! make america great again! so funny! i just checked out fake news cnn for the first time in a long time (they are dying in the ratings) to see if they covered my takedown yesterday of jim acosta (actually a nice guy). they didnt! but they did say i already lost in my meeting with putin. fake news...... ohr told the fbi it (the fake dossier) wasnt true it was a lie and the fbi was determined to use it anyway to damage trump and to perpetrate a fraud on the court to spy on the trump campaign. this is a fraud on the court. the chief justice of the u.s. supreme court is in...... ...back home where they belong no more rockets or ms being fired over japan or anywhere else and most importantly no nuclear testing. this is more than has ever been accomplished with north korea and the fake news knows it. i expect another good meeting soon much potential! the new york times has apologized for the terrible anti-semitic cartoon but they havent apologized to me for this or all of the fake and corrupt news they print on a daily basis. they have reached the lowest level of journalism and certainly a low point in  history! the fake news media is doing everything they can to crash the economy because they think that will be bad for me and my re-election. the problem they have is that the economy is way too strong and we will soon be winning big on trade and everyone knows that including china! at a recent round table meeting of business executives and long after formally introducing tim cook of apple i quickly referred to tim + apple as tim/apple as an easy way to save time and words. the fake news was disparagingly all over this and it became yet another bad trump story! leaving el paso for the white house. what great people i met there and in dayton ohio. the fake news worked overtime trying to disparage me and the two trips but it just didnt work. the love respect and enthusiasm were there for all to see. they have been through so much. sad! walmart a great indicator as to how the u.s. is doing just released outstanding numbers. our country unlike others is doing great! dont let the fake news convince you otherwise. the fake news networks those that knowingly have a sick and biased agenda are worried about the competition and quality of sinclair broadcast. the fakers at cnn nbc abc and cbs have done so much dishonest reporting that they should only be allowed to get awards for fiction! fake news just like the snakes and gators in the moat. the media is deranged they have lost their minds!  stock market hits another all time high on friday. 5.3 trillion dollars up since election. fake news doesn't spent much time on this! look how theyre acting now and how we act when were in the majority. what the democrats are doing is an abuse of power. they couldnt find anything...they took a fake dossier and couldnt find any collusion. now they have a fake witness in cohen. congressman mark green (r-tn). another fake news story out there - it never ends! virtually anytime i speak on the phone to a foreign leader i understand that there may be many people listening from various u.s. agencies not to mention those from the other country itself. no problem! it was not a campaign contribution and there were no violations of the campaign finance laws by me. fake news! just watched the totally biased and fake news reports of the so-called russia story on nbc and abc. such dishonesty! very good call yesterday with president putin of russia. tremendous potential for a good/great relationship with russia despite what you read and see in the fake news media. look how they have misled you on russia collusion. the world can be a better and safer place. nice! ....having fun. i was smiling as i looked up and around. the many reporters with me were smiling also. they knew the truth...and yet when i saw the reporting cnn msnbc and other fake news outlets covered it as serious news and me thinking of myself as the messiah. no more trust! if i didnt have the phony witch hunt going on for 3 years and if the fake news media and their partner in crime the democrats would have played it straight i would be way up in the polls right now - with our economy winning by 20 points. but im winning anyway! the fake news media is doing everything possible to stir up and anger the pols and as many people as possible seldom mentioning the fact that the mueller report had as its principle conclusion the fact that there was no collusion with russia. the russia hoax is dead! the fake news is going crazy with wacky congresswoman wilson(d) who was secretly on a very personal call and gave a total lie on content! all-time high for stock market and all the fake news wants to talk about is the impeachment hoax! . on   source  was the (fake) dossier. yes the dirty dossier paid for by democrats as a hit piece against trump and looking for information that could discredit candidate  trump. carter page was just the foot to surveil the trump campaign... illegal! despite what you have heard from the fake news i had a great meeting with german chancellor angela merkel. nevertheless germany owes..... clapper lied about (fraudulent) dossier leaks to cnn  foxnews  he is a lying machine who now works for fake news cnn. as has been incorrectly reported by the fake news media i never told then white house counsel don mcgahn to fire robert mueller even though i had the legal right to do so. if i wanted to fire mueller i didnt need mcgahn to do it i could have done it myself. nevertheless.... so interesting that when i announced trump national doral in miami would be used for the hosting of the g-7 and then rescinded due to do nothing democrat/fake news anger very few in media mentioned that no profits would be taken or would be given free if legally permissible! nbc news is wrong again! they cite sources which are constantly wrong. problem is like so many others the sources probably dont exist they are fabricated fiction! nbc my former home with the apprentice is now as bad as fake news cnn. sad! it has been incorrectly reported that rudy giuliani and others will not be doing a counter to the mueller report. that is fake news. already 87 pages done but obviously cannot complete until we see the final witch hunt report. fake news cnn and nbc are going out of their way to disparage our great first responders as a way to get trump. not fair to fr or effort! the economy is the best it has ever been! even much of the fake news is giving me credit for that! with all of the fake and made up news out there iran can have no idea what is actually going on! fake news has it purposely wrong. many over ten are vying for and wanting the white house chief of staff position. why wouldnt someone want one of the truly great and meaningful jobs in washington. please report news correctly. thank you! thank you the very dishonest fake news media is out of control!  the failing new york times (it will pass away when i leave office in 6 years) and others of the fake news media keep writing phony stories about how i didnt use many banks because they didnt want to do business with me. wrong! it is because i didnt need money. very old the failing  writes false story after false story about me. they don't even call to verify the facts of a story. a fake news joke! fake news reporting a complete fabrication that i am concerned about the meeting my wonderful son donald had in trump tower. this was a meeting to get information on an opponent totally legal and done all the time in politics - and it went nowhere. i did not know about it! read the transcripts! the impeachment hoax is the greatest con job in the history of american politics! the fake news media and their partner the democrat party are working overtime to make life for the united republican party and all it stands for as difficult as possible! our crazy do nothing (wheres usmca infrastructure lower drug pricing and much more?) speaker of the house nervous nancy pelosi who is petrified by her radical left knowing she will soon be gone (they and fake news media are her boss) suggested on sundays deface the nation.... the fake news doesnt report it but republican enthusiasm is at an all time   high. look what is going on in orlando florida right now! people have never seen anything like it (unless you play a guitar). going to be wild - see you later! .....the fake (corrupt) news media said they had a leak into polling done by my campaign which by the way and despite the phony and never ending witch hunt are the best numbers we have ever had. they reported fake numbers that they made up and dont even exist. we will win again! the fake media is working overtime today! biggest crowd ever according to arena people. thousands outside trying to get in. place was packed! radical left dems and their partner lamestream media saying arena empty. check out pictures. fake news. the enemy of the people!  . just came out at 48% approval rate despite the constant and intense fake news. higher than election day and higher than president obama. rasmussen was one of the most accurate election day polls! for the record i have no financial interests in saudi arabia (or russia for that matter). any suggestion that i have is just more fake news (of which there is plenty)! the fake news media is desperate to distract from the economy and record setting economic numbers and so they keep talking about the phony russian witch hunt. the fake news media is working hard so that information about the whistleblowers identity which may be very bad for them and their democrat partners never reaches the public. i am extremely happy and proud of the job being done by  secretary  the fake news likes to write stories to the contrary quoting phony sources or jealous people but they arent true. they never like to ask me for a quote b/c it would kill their story. i hope the fake news media keeps talking about wacky congresswoman wilson in that she as a representative is killing the democrat party! the ukraine investigation is just as corrupt and fake as all of the other garbage that went on before it. even shifty schiff got caught cheating when he made up what i said on the call! ....said what she did even being on a much higher rated show she would have been thrown off television. will fake news nbc allow a mccarthy style racist to continue? abc fired roseanne. watch the double standard! the fake news media will not talk about the importance of the united nations security council 15-0 vote in favor of sanctions on n. korea! another totally fake story in the amazon washington post (lobbyist) which states that if my aides broke the law to build the wall (which is going up rapidly) i would give them a pardon. this was made up by the washington post only in order to demean and disparage - fake news! ...have it. fake news said 17 intel agencies when actually 4 (had to apologize). why did obama do nothing when he had info before election? many more republican voters showed up yesterday than the fake news thought possible. the political pundits just dont get what is going on out there - or they do get it but refuse to report the facts! remember dems are high tax high crime easy to beat! when we rip down and totally replace a badly broken and dilapidated barrier on the southern border something which cannot do the job the fake news media gives us zero credit for building a new wall. we have replaced many miles of old barrier with powerful new walls! paul krugman of the fake news new york times has lost all credibility as has the times itself with his false and highly inaccurate writings on me. he is obsessed with hatred just as others are obsessed with how stupid he is. he said market would crash only record highs! he is fake news will always be fredo to us. i should release some of his dishonest interviews? coupled with bad ratings hed be out!  the fake whistleblower complaint is not holding up. it is mostly about the call to the ukrainian president which in the name of transparency i immediately released to congress and  the public. the whistleblower knew almost nothing its 2nd hand description of the call is a fraud! mainstream (fake) media refuses to state our long list of achievements including 28 legislative signings strong borders and great optimism! never thought id say this but i think  and   have even less understanding of the wall negotiations than the folks at fake news cnn and nbc! look to final results! dont know how my poll numbers are so good especially up 19% with hispanics? wow even i didnt realize we did so much. wish the fake news would report! thank you.  the fake news media is hurting our country with its fraudulent and highly inaccurate coverage of iran. it is scattershot poorly sourced (made up) and dangerous. at least iran doesnt know what to think which at this point may very well be a good thing! put it back up. we are living with a rigged and fake media!  ....i cant imagine any president having a better or closer relationship with their vice president then the two of us. just more fake news the enemy of the people! watching  weekend anchors is worse than watching low ratings fake news  or lyin brian williams (remember when he totally fabricated a war story trying to make himself into a hero and got fired. a very dishonest journalist!) and the crew of degenerate...... ....based on the comments made by senator schumer he must have seen how dangerous and bad for our country the border is. it is not a manufactured crisis as the fake news media and their democrat partners tried to portray. he said he wants to meet. i will set up a meeting asap! if the totally corrupt media was less corrupt i would be up by 15 points in the polls based on our tremendous success with the economy maybe best ever! if the corrupt media was actually fair i would be up by 25 points. nevertheless despite the fake news were doing great! and also illegally leaking to fake news cnn and others?  the democrats new and pathetically untrue sound bite is that we are in a constitutional crisis. they and their partner the fake news media are all told to say this as loud and as often as possible. they are a sad joke! we may have the strongest economy in our history best... last night in phoenix i read the things from my statements on charlottesville that the fake news media didn't cover fairly. people got it! the congratulatory phone call with the ukrainian president was perfect unless you heard liddle adam schiffs fraudulently made up version of the call. this is just another fake news media together with their partner the democrat party hoax! the greatest influence over our election was the fake news media screaming for crooked hillary clinton. next she was a bad candidate! the fake news of big ratings loser cnn.  great cohesion inside the republican party the best i have ever seen. despite all of the fake news my poll numbers are great. new internal polls show them to be the strongest weve had so far! think what theyd be if i got fair media coverage! ....of anger and outrage and we will then be able to bring all sides together in peace and harmony. fake news must end! thank you to brit. this is a very big deal in europe. fake news is the enemy of the people!  the fake news media hates to see this!  great night for republicans! congratulations to john cox on a really big number in california. he can win. even fake news cnn said the trump impact was really big much bigger than they ever thought possible. so much for the big blue wave it may be a big red wave. working hard! brett mcgurk who i do not know was appointed by president obama in 2015. was supposed to leave in february but he just resigned prior to leaving. grandstander? the fake news is making such a big deal about this nothing event! wow just revealed that michael cohen wrote a love letter to trump manuscript for a new book that he was pushing. written and submitted long after charlottesville and helsinki his phony reasons for going rogue. book is exact opposite of his fake testimony which now is a lie! the trump base is far bigger and  stronger than ever before (despite some phony fake news polling). look at rallies in penn iowa ohio....... the underlying issue remains the same without a single american being indicted for collusion with russia and that is a stunning end considering we were led to believe (fake news) that something much more dramatic would happen. why did people fall for this?  molly h was  just named the most influential show in news? you deserve it - three great people! the many fake news hate shows should study your formula for success! watched low rated  for first time in long time. fake news. he called me to stop a national enquirer article. i said no! bad show ....should federal election commission and/or fcc look into this? there must be collusion with the democrats and of course russia! such one sided media coverage most of it fake news. hard to believe i won and am winning. approval rating 52% 93% with republicans. sorry!   a massive crowd that fake news and some dems didnt want to report!  if the democrats are going to defend the radical left squad and king elijahs baltimore fail it will be a long road to 2020. the good news for the dems is that they have the fake news media in their pocket! some of the fake news media likes to say that i am not totally engaged in healthcare. wrong i know the subject well and want victory for u.s. many good conversations with north korea-it is going well! in the meantime no rocket launches or nuclear testing in 8 months. all of asia is thrilled. only the opposition party which includes the fake news is complaining. if not for me we would now be at war with north korea! whenever you see the words 'sources say' in the fake news media and they don't mention names.... i never lashed out at the acting attorney general of the u.s. a man for whom i have great respect. this is a made up story one of many by the fake news media! if i wanted to fire robert mueller in december as reported by the failing new york times i would have fired him. just more fake news from a biased newspaper! the new usa today poll just out has me leading all of the democrat contenders. thats hard to believe since the fake news and 3 year scams and witch hunts as phony as they are just never seem to end. the american people are smart. they see the great economy and everything else! the military drills or war games as i call them were never even discussed in my mtg w/ kim jong un of nkfake news! i made that decision long ago because it costs the u.s. far too much money to have those games especially since we are not reimbursed for the tremendous cost! so funny to watch fake news networks among the most dishonest groups of people i have ever dealt with criticize sinclair broadcasting for being biased. sinclair is far superior to cnn and even more fake nbc which is a total joke. '16 fake news stories reporters have run since trump won'  who the hell is joy-ann reid? never met her she knows zero about me has no talent and truly doesnt have the it factor needed for success in showbiz. had a bad reputation and now works for the comcast/nbc losers making up phony stories about me. low ratings. fake news! . speaking of john brennan: how did somebody so obviously limited intellectually get to be cia director in the first place? now that is a really good question! then followed by richard blumenthal of connecticut is a fake war hero... so true a total fake! the president has accomplished some absolutely historic things during this past year. thank you charlie kirk of turning points usa. sadly the fake mainstream media will never talk about our accomplishments in their end of year reviews. we are compiling a long and beautiful list. ....call the fbi about these calls and meetings? how ridiculous! i would never be trusted again. with that being said my full answer is rarely played by the fake news media. they purposely leave out the part that matters. ....this russia collusion hoax was perpetrated in part by people inside the government and in part by a compliant (fake news) media. mollie hemingway.     the facts are starting to pour out. stay tuned! fake  made up a story that i wanted a tenfold increase in our u.s. nuclear arsenal. pure fiction made up to demean. nbc = cnn! the fake news media is officially out of control. they will do or say anything in order to get attention - never been a time like this! the fake news is saying that i am willing to meet with iran no conditions. that is an incorrect statement (as usual!). there was no collusion with russia (except by the democrats). when will this very expensive witch hunt hoax ever end? so bad for our country. is the special counsel/justice department leaking my lawyers letters to the fake news media? should be looking at dems corruption instead? now that the democrats and the fake news media have gone bust on every other of their witch hunt schemes they are trying to start one just as ridiculous as the others call it the ukraine witch hunt while at the same time trying to protect sleepy joe biden. will fail again! wow! morning joe and psycho ratings have really crashed. very small audience. people are tired of hearing fake news delivered with an anger that is not to be believed. sad when the show was sane they helped get me elected. thanks! was on all the time. lost all of its juice! now the fake news media says i pressured the ukrainian president at least 8 times during my telephone call with him. this supposedly comes from a so-called whistleblower who they say doesnt even have a first hand account of what was said. more democrat/crooked media con..... the failing  story on mexico and illegal immigration through our southern border has now been proven shockingly false and untrue bad reporting and the paper is embarrassed by it. the only problem is that they knew it was fake news before it went out. corrupt media! there is great unity with the republicans in the house and senate despite the fake news media working in overdrive to make the story look otherwise. the opposition party and the dems know we must have strong border security but dont want to give trump another one of many wins! the fake news put out a typically false statement without any knowledge that the united states was trying to set up a negotiation with iran. this is a false report.... the fake news media never fails. hard to ignore this fact from the vice president of facebook ads rob goldman!  great support coming from all sides for border security (including wall) on our very dangerous southern border. teams negotiating this weekend! washington post and nbc reporting of events including fake sources has been very inaccurate (to put it mildly)! rex tillerson never threatened to resign. this is fake news put out by  low news and reporting standards. no verification from me. when the democrats in congress refinish for the 5th time their fake work on their very disappointing mueller report finding they will have the time to get the real work of the people done. move quickly! ivanka trump and jared kushner had nothing to do with the so called pushing out of don mcgahn.the fake news media has it purposelyso wrong! they love to portray chaos in the white house when they know that chaos doesnt exist-just a smooth running machine with changing parts! the fake media (not real media) has gotten even worse since the election. every story is badly slanted. we have to hold them to the truth! when will the fake media ask about the dems dealings with russia and why the dnc wouldn't allow the fbi to check their server or investigate? just heard fake news cnn is doing polls again despite the fact that their election polls were a way off disaster. much higher ratings at fox general john kelly is doing a fantastic job as chief of staff. there is tremendous spirit and talent in the w.h. don't believe the fake news rasmussen just came out at 51% approval despite the fake news media. they were one of the three most accurate on election day. just about the most inaccurate were cnn and abc news/washington post and they havent changed (get new pollsters). much of the media is a scam! the fake news media and their partner the democrat party want to stay as far away as possible from the joe biden demand that the ukrainian government fire a prosecutor who was investigating his son or they wont get a very large amount of u.s. money so they fabricate a..... had a very good and interesting meeting at the white house with a.g. sulzberger publisher of the new york times. spent much time talking about the vast amounts of fake news being put out by the media and how that fake news has morphed into phrase enemy of the people. sad! the radical left democrats and their fake news media partners headed up again by little adam schiff and batting zero for 21 against me are at it again! they think i may have had a dicey conversation with a certain foreign leader based on a highly partisan whistleblowers.. the republicans are 5-0 in recent congressional races a point which the fake news media continuously fails to mention. i backed and campaigned for all of the winners. they give me credit for one. hopefully rick saccone will be another big win on tuesday. we have done a great job with the almost impossible situation in puerto rico. outside of the fake news or politically motivated ingrates... the story in the  about the u.s. escalating attacks on russias power grid is fake news and the failing new york times knows it. they should immediately release their sources which if they exist at all which i doubt are phony. times must be held fully accountable! the tax cuts are so large and so meaningful and yet the fake news is working overtime to follow the lead of their friends the defeated dems and only demean. this is truly a case where the results will speak for themselves starting very soon. jobs jobs jobs! the economy is strong and good whereas the rest of the world is not doing so well. despite this the fake news media together with their partner the democrat party are working overtime to convince people that we are in or will soon be going into a recession. they are..... the washington post story about my speech in north carolina and tweet with its phony sources who do not exist is fake news. the only thing people were talking about is the record setting crowd and the tremendous enthusiasm far greater than the democrats. youll see in 2020! melania and i were treated very nicely yesterday in pittsburgh. the office of the president was shown great respect on a very sad and solemn day. we were treated so warmly. small protest was not seen by us staged far away. the fake news stories were just the opposite-disgraceful!  .... amazon like the washington post. its hard to remember that not so long ago america had prestige media outlets but not anymore.    the fake news media is the true enemy of the people! this number based on the economy and how well our country is doing would potentially be 75% if not for the fake news and phony witch hunt. 95% approval rating in the republican party!  the g7 in france was so successful and yet when i came back and read the corrupt and fake news and watched numerous networks it was not even recognizable from what actually took place at the great g7 event! ....and all of the others who have leaked lied and did so many other terrible things? how is it even possible that these people are not being brought forward? because it is a rigged democrat con game and the fake and corrupt media loves every minute of it! a sketch years later about a nonexistent man. a total con job playing the fake news media for fools (but they know it)!  one of the greatest and most powerful weapons used by the fake and corrupt news media is the phony polling information they put out. many of these polls are fixed or worked in such a way that a certain candidate will look good or bad. internal polling looks great the best ever! schiffs correcting the record memo has turned out to be totally wrong (based on the i.g. report)! a very big lie.  and  has turned out to be completely right. congratulations to devin. the fake news media should apologize to all! the fake news media said that i did not get along with other leaders at the  in canada. they are once again wrong!  the failing  wrote a fake piece today implying that because white house councel don mcgahn was giving hours of testimony to the special councel he must be a john dean type rat. but i allowed him and all others to testify - i didnt have to. i have nothing to hide...... director clapper reiterated what everybody including the fake media already knows- there is no evidence of collusion w/ russia and trump. the fake news lamestream media is doing everything possible the create a u.s. recession even though the numbers and facts are working totally in the opposite direction. they would be willing to hurt many people but that doesnt matter to them. our economy is sooo strong sorry! the story in the amazon washington post of course picked up by fake news cnn saying president trump asked for ag barr to host a news conference clearing him on ukraine is totally untrue and just another fake news story with anonymous sources that dont exist.... some of the best economic numbers our country has ever experienced are happening right now. this is despite a crooked and demented deep state and a probably illegal democrat/fake news media partnership the likes of which the world has never seen. make america great again! wow! the deputy editor of the failing new york times was just demoted. should have been fired! totally biased and inaccurate reporting. the paper is a fraud zero credibility. fake news takes another hit but this time a big one! when an old wall at the southern border that is crumbling and falling over built in an important section to keep out problems is replaced with a brand new 30 foot high steel and concrete wall the media says no new wall has been built. fake news! building lots of wall! while all agree the u. s. president has the complete power to pardon why think of that when only crime so far is leaks against us.fake news is fake news washington post being used as a lobbyist weapon against congress to keep politicians from looking into amazon no-tax monopoly? ....ambassador sondland did not tell us and certainly did not tell me about a connection between the assistance and the investigation. the fake impeachment inquiry is now dead! fact checkers have become fake news.    so true! a whistleblower with second hand information? another fake news story! see what was said on the very nice no pressure call. another witch hunt! i am in the process of interviewing some really great people for the position of white house chief of staff. fake news has been saying with certainty it was nick ayers a spectacular person who will always be with our  agenda. i will be making a decision soon! james clapper and others stated that there is no evidence potus colluded with russia. this story is fake news and everyone knows it! there has never been a president who has been tougher (but fair) on china or russia - never just look at the facts. the fake news tries so hard to paint the opposite picture. the democrats are still doing the russians dirty work as they continue to push the fake crime. media credibility is now shot democrat credibility is shot theyve wasted over 100 hearings on a hoax theyve done nothing on infrastructure drug prices trade.... bruce ohr of the justice department (can you believe he is still there) is accused of helping disgraced christopher steele find dirt on trump. ohrs wife nelly was in on the act big time - worked for fusion gps on fake dossier.  i didnt call bob costa of the washington post he called me (returned his call)!  just more fake news. funny how the fake news in a coordinated effort with each other likes to say i gave sooo much to north korea because i met. thats because thats all they have to disparage! we got so much for peace in the world and more is being added in finals. even got our hostages/remains! through massive devaluation of their currency and pumping vast sums of money into their system the tens of billions of dollars that the u.s. is receiving is a gift from china. prices not up no inflation. farmers getting more than china would be spending. fake news wont report! trump recognized russian meddling many times. thank you to  and  for actually showing the clips. the fake news wants no part of that narrative! too bad they dont want to focus on all of the economic and jobs records being set. where is hunter biden? he has disappeared while the fake news protects his crooked daddy!  the radical left democrats together with their leaders in the fake news media have gone totally insane! i guess that means that the republican agenda is working. stay tuned for more! the failing new york times wrote another phony story. it was political pundit doug schoen not a ukrainian businessman who asked me to do a short speech by phone (skype) hosted by doug in ukraine. i was very positive about ukraine-another negative to the fake russia  c story! great and we should boycott fake news cnn. dealing with them is a total waste of time!  ....such wonderful and powerful things about me - a true champion of civil rights - until she got fired. omarosa had zero credibility with the media (they didnt want interviews) when she worked in the white house. now that she says bad about me they will talk to her. fake news! the fake news is going all out in order to demean and denigrate! such hatred! ....russia iran syria and many others are not happy about the u.s. leaving despite what the fake news says because now they will have to fight isis and others who they hate without us. i am building by far the most powerful military in the world. isis hits us they are doomed! despite the fake news media in conjunction with the dems an amazing job is being done in puerto rico. great people! google search results for trump news shows only the viewing/reporting of fake new media. in other words they have it rigged for me and others so that almost all stories and news is bad. fake cnn is prominent. republican/conservative and fair media  is shut out. illegal?  96% of... ....you would get it by building or even buying. you always wanted to show losses for tax purposes....almost all real estate developers did - and often re-negotiate with banks it was sport. additionally the very old information put out is a highly inaccurate fake news hit job! washington post employees want to go on strike because bezos isnt paying them enough. i think a really long strike would be a great idea. employees would get more money and we would get rid of fake news for an extended period of time! is  a registered lobbyist? a big subject today at the white house social media summit will be the tremendous dishonesty bias discrimination and suppression practiced by certain companies. we will not let them get away with it much longer. the fake news media will also be there but for a limited period.. ....united states citizens first. border patrol and others in law enforcement have been doing a great job. we said there was a crisis - the fake news and the dems said it was manufactured. now all agree we were right but they always knew that. they are crowded (which we..... real  is doing great fake news cnn is dead!  they do stories so big on elizabeth pocahontas warrens crowd sizes adding many more people than are actually there and yet my crowds which are far bigger get no coverage at all. fake news! ...and they knew exactly what i said and meant. they just wanted a story. fake news! fbis christopher steele (fake) story falls apart: false intel and media contacts were flagged before fisa. john solomon the hill.  general flynn was given the highest security clearance by the obama administration - but the fake news seldom likes talking about that. fake news of which there is soooo much (this time the very tired new yorker) falsely reported that i was going to take the extraordinary step of denying intelligence briefings to president obama. never discussed or thought of! anybody (especially  fake news media) who thinks that repeal and replace of obamacare is dead does not know the love and strength in r party! so much fake news being put in dying magazines and newspapers. only place worse may be    and  fiction writers! i have been much tougher on russia than obama just look at the facts. total fake news! greg murphy won big 62% to 37% in north carolina 03 and the fake news barely covered the race. the win was far bigger than anticipated - there was just nothing the fakers could say to diminish or demean the scope of this victory. so we had two big victories tonight greg and dan! this despite the fake news and polls!  the fake news is at it again this time trying to hurt one of the finest people i know general john kelly by saying he will soon be..... . polls are always bad for me. they were against crooked hillary also. something weird going on at fox. our polls show us leading in all 17 swing states. for the record i didnt spend 30 hours with  but rather a tiny fraction of that. more fake news   jerry falwell of liberty university was fantastic on  the fake news should listen to what he had to say. thanks jerry! ....story about me and a perfectly fine and routine conversation i had with the new president of the ukraine. nothing was said that was in any way wrong but bidens demand on the other hand was a complete and total disaster. the fake news knows this but doesnt want to report! the economy is great. the only thing adding to uncertainty is the fake news! i enjoyed my interview with  on  so funny to watch the fake news media try to dissect and distort every word in as negative a way as possible. it will be aired on sunday night at 8:00 p.m. and is called president trump: 30 hours (which is somewhat.... wrong never even discussed this with kellyanne conway or steve mnuchin. just more fake news!  a fake story by politico. made up sources. thank you mount vernon!  the roger stone report on  is false - fake news. have not spoken to roger in a long time - had nothing to do with my decision. the amazon washington post front page story yesterday was total fake news. they said advisors wrote new talking points and handed him reams of opposition research on the four congresswomen. now really does that sound like me? what advisors there were no talking points.... ....the good news is that we are winning. our real opponent is not the democrats or the dwindling number of republicans that lost their way and got left behind our primary opponent is the fake news media. in the history of our country they have never been so bad! mark levin has written a big number one bestselling book called conspicuously and accurately unfreedom of the press. it is a great book that tells it like it is fake news and all. keep this book number one! ...the fake news media nowadays not only doesnt check for the accuracy of the facts they knowingly make up the facts. they even make up sources in order to protect their partners the democrats. it is so wrong but they dont even care anymore. they have gone totally crazy!!!! it is amazing that i can be at 51% with zogby when the fake and corrupt news is almost 100% against me. great job mr. president! the lamestream media is far beyond fake news they are treading in very dangerous territory!  the ukraine controversy continues this morning as new documents obtained by  show that a former ukrainian prosecutor said that he was forced to back off looking into a firm tied to hunter biden.   does anyone other than fake news protectors have a doubt? it would be really nice if the fake news media would report the virtually unprecedented stock market growth since the election.need tax cuts despite major outside money fake media support and eleven republican candidates big r win with runoff in georgia. glad to be of help! after having written many best selling books and somewhat priding myself on my ability to write it should be noted that the fake news constantly likes to pore over my tweets looking for a mistake. i capitalize certain words only for emphasis not b/c they should be capitalized! ....got fired. wrote a very nice book about me just recently. now the book is a lie? said his wife was driving him crazy something big was happening with her. getting divorced. he was a mental wreck. we didnt want him around. now fake news puts him on like he was my buddy! does anyone notice how the montana congressional race was such a big deal to dems and fake news until the republican won? v was poorly covered the g-7 was a great success for the usa and all. lamestream media coverage bore no relationship to what actually happened in france - fake news. it was great! the fake news is now complaining about my different types of back to back speeches. well there was afghanistan (somber) the big rally..... look what fake abc news put out. i guess they had it prepared from the 13 angry democrats leading the witch hunt!   according to fake news (and low ratings)  democrats say hearings could change impeachment debate. thats because they have lost the impeachment debate (80% say no) and they are hoping that yet another do over after 2 1/2 years and $40000000 will turn things around.... so with one rally by me at the end of the campaign i lift the poll numbers of kentucky governor matt bevin by 19 points he just misses every other republican in the commonwealth wins big and the fake news blames me for a bad night! ok! by the way mississippi won everything! such false and inaccurate reporting thus far on the g-7. the fake news knows this but they cant help themselves! leaving now to have breakfast with boris j. great writer and historian doug wead has written a true (not fake news) account of what is going on in washington and the white house. his new book inside trumps white house is an incredible description of a very exciting and successful time in our countrys history. buy it! i was with you all the way alabama. the fake news media was not!  the fake news is working overtime. as paul manaforts lawyer said there was no collusion and events mentioned took place long before he... why is it that the fake news rarely reports ocare is on its last legs and that insurance companies are fleeing for their lives? it dead! do you think the fake news media will ever report on this tweet from michael?  many lawyers and top law firms want to represent me in the russia case...dont believe the fake news narrative that it is hard to find a lawyer who wants to take this on. fame and fortune will never be turned down by a lawyer though some are conflicted. problem is that a new...... i am very excited about the person who will be taking the place of don mcgahn as white house counsel! i liked don but he was not responsible for me not firing bob mueller or jeff sessions. so much fake reporting and fake news! the kind of questions the white house correspondents were asking is almost like they didnt see what went on at the hearings!   the hearings were a disaster for robert mueller and the democrats. nevertheless the fake news media will try to make the best out of it! if it werent for the never ending fake news about me and with all that i have done (more than any other president in the first 2 1/2 years!) i would be leading the partners of the lamestream media by 20 points. sorry but true! ....when in fact under certain original scenarios it was in fact correct that alabama could have received some hurt. always good to be prepared! but the fake news is only interested in demeaning and belittling. didnt play my whole sentence or statement. bad people! the new york times walks back report on kavanaugh assault claim.   the one who is actually being assaulted is justice kavanaugh - assaulted by lies and fake news! this is all about the lamestream media working with their partner the dems. this was the originally projected path of the hurricane in its early stages. as you can see almost all models predicted it to go through florida also hitting georgia and alabama. i accept the fake news apologies!  .....nice call with with the new president of ukraine it could not have been better or more honorable and the fake news media and democrats working as a team have fraudulently made it look bad. it wasnt bad it was very legal and very good. a continuing witch hunt! ....the conversation with the new and very good ukraine president who told the fake news at the united nations that he was not pressured by me in any way shape or form should by and of itself bring an end to the new and most recent witch hunt. others ended in ashes! .....was very good and highly professional to deal with - and if for any reason i didnt like them i would have gone elsewhere....there was always plenty of money around and banks to choose from. they would be very happy to take my money. fake news! the  amazon washington post and  just did a fake interview on pardons for aids on the wall and that i didnt think the wall on the southern border was that important to stop illegals wanting to come into our country. wrong vitally important. will make a big impact. so bad! wowthe fake news media did everything in its power to make the republican healthcare victory look as bad as possible.far better than ocare! a lot of fake news is being reported that i overruled the vp and various advisers on a potential camp david meeting with the taliban. this story is false! i always think it is good to meet and talk but in this case i decided not to. the dishonest media likes to create... ...fake news. i would like very much to stop referring to this ridiculous story but the lamestream media just wont let it alone. they always have to have the last word even though they know they are defrauding and deceiving the public. the public knows that the media is corrupt! ap headline was very different from my quote and meaning in the story. they just cant help themselves. fake news!   won 5 out of 6 elections in kentucky including 5 great candidates that i spoke for and introduced last night.  picked up at least 15 points in last days but perhaps not enough (fake news will blame trump!). winning in mississippi governor race! this british spy christopher steele tried so hard to get this (the fake dossier) out before the election. why?    the  sometimes referred to as the guardian of amazon not paying internet taxes (which they should) is fake news! so many stories about me in the  are fake news. they are as bad as ratings challenged  lobbyist for amazon and taxes? the fake news media has been talking about recent approval ratings of me by countries around the world including the european union as being very low.... ....it is very possible that those sources don't exist but are made up by fake news writers.  is the enemy! conflict between glen simpsons testimony to another house panel about his contact with justice department official bruce ohr. ohr was used by simpson and steele as a back channel to get (fake) dossier to fbi. simpson pleading fifth. catherine herridge. where is jeff sessions? great news that an activist investor is now involved with atandt. as the owner of very low ratings  perhaps they will now put a stop to all of the fake news emanating from its non-credible anchors. also i hear that because of its bad ratings it is losing a fortune..... a big subject today at the white house social media summit will be the tremendous dishonesty bias discrimination and suppression practiced by certain companies. we will not let them get away with it much longer. the fake news media will also be there but for a limited period.. . and  were all set to have a big victory until dan bishop won north carolina 09. now you will hear them barely talk about or cover the race. fake news never wins! fake news!  the fake and corrupt media is sooo bad for our country the enemy of the people!  ....earth shattering. he and his brother could drain the swamp which would be yet another campaign promise fulfilled. fake news weak! the fake news media was fixated on the fact that i properly said at the beginnings of hurricane dorian that in addition to florida and other states alabama may also be grazed or hit. they went crazy hoping against hope that i made a mistake (which i didnt). check out maps..... ...but most importantly  is bad for the usa. their international division spews bad information and fake news all over the globe. this is why foreign leaders are always asking me why does the media hate the u.s. sooo much? it is a fraudulent shame and all comes from the top! please clear up the fake news!  other good polls also in fifties despite only fake news and then phony polls by a.p. cnn nbc and as always fox who were way off on 2016 election!  the fake news media loves the narrative that i didnt use many banks because the banks didnt like me. no i didnt use many banks because i didnt (dont) need their money (old fashioned isnt it?). if i did it would have been very easy for me to get. ...and west virginia. the fact is the fake news russian collusion story record stock market border security military strength jobs..... just as i said alabama was originally projected to be hit. the fake news denies it!  sadly they and others are fake news and the public is just beginning to figure it out!  fake news!  abc/washington post poll was the worst and most inaccurate poll of any taken prior to the 2016 election. when my lawyers protested they took a 12 point down and brought it to almost even by election day. it was a fake poll by two very bad and dangerous media outlets. sad! a vicious accuser of justice kavanough has just admitted that she was lying her story was totally made up or fake! can you imagine if he didnt become a justice of the supreme court because of her disgusting false statements. what about the others? where are the dems on this? thank you to general mcmaster. just more fake news!  but the fake news will never show this. thank you!  ....this is a phony suppression poll meant to build up their democrat partners. i havent even started campaigning yet and am constantly fighting fake news like russia russia russia. look at north carolina last night. dan bishop down big in the polls wins. easier than 2016! sally yates made the fake media extremely unhappy today --- she said nothing but old news! alabama was going to be hit or grazed and then hurricane dorian took a different path (up along the east coast). the fake news knows this very well. thats why theyre the fake news! ....this nonsense has never happened to another president. four days of corrupt reporting still without an apology. but there are many things that the fake news media has not apologized to me for like the witch hunt or spygate! the lamestream media and their democrat..... watch  at 6:00 p.m. on  russian hoax the big topic! mainstream media often referred to as the fake news media hates to discuss the real facts! ....then on top of it all kathleen parker of all people wrote in case you were wondering trump won the debate. true but what is going on at the  not fake news! ....instead it turned north and went up the coast where it continues now. in the one model through florida the great state of alabama would have been hit or grazed. in the path it took no. read my full fema statement. what i said was accurate! all fake news in order to demean! just another fake suppression poll this time from  of course!  dowd never understood the pulse of the republican party present or past. hes just a 3rd rate hit job for fake news   ...or a very nervous and skinny version of pocahontas (1000/24th) as your president rather than what you have now so great looking and smart a true stable genius! sorry to say that even social media would be driven out of business along with and finally the fake news media! this is a great and well reseached book on justice k. the ruth marcus book is a badly written and reseached disaster. so many incorrect facts. fake news just like the   the two fake news polls released yesterday abc and nbc while containing some very positive info were totally wrong in general e. watch! after having written many best selling books and somewhat priding myself on my ability to write it should be noted that the fake news constantly likes to pour over my tweets looking for a mistake. i capitalize certain words only for emphasis not b/c they should be capitalized! the mainstream media has never been as corrupt and deranged as it is today. fake news is actually the biggest story of all and is the true enemy of the people! thats why they refuse to cover the real russia hoax. but the american people are wise to what is going on..... .....the fake (corrupt) news media said they had a leak into polling done by my campaign which by the way and despite the phony and never ending witch hunt are the best numbers we have ever had. they reported fake numbers that they made up and dont even exist. we will win again! . has a great show going on right now 10:00 a.m. fantastic guests talk about the fake impeachment!   its great to have a wonderful subject president trump. fake news like cnn and msnbc are dying. if they treated me fairly they would do well. have zero credibility!  ...the fake news is not as important or as powerful as social media. they have lost tremendous credibility since that day in november 2016 that i came down the escalator with the person who was to become your future first lady. when i ultimately leave office in six... i am very excited about the person who will be taking the place of don mcgahn as white house councel! i liked don but he was not responsible for me not firing bob mueller or jeff sessions. so much fake reporting and fake news! ....fashioned but true. when you dont need or want money you dont need or want banks. banks have always been available to me they want to make money. fake media only says this to disparage and always uses unnamed sources (because their sources dont even exist)...... ....got fired. wrote a very nice book about me just recently. now the book is a lie? said his wife was driving him crazy something big was happening with her. getting divorced. he was a mental wreck. we didnt want him around. now fake news puts him on like he was my buddy! ....the fake news is not as important or as powerful as social media. they have lost tremendous credibility since that day in november 2016 that i came down the escalator with the person who was to become your future first lady. when i ultimately leave office in six...... now the press is trying to sell the fact that i wanted a moot stuffed with alligators and snakes with an electrified fence and sharp spikes on top at our southern border. i may be tough on border security but not that tough. the press has gone crazy. fake news! the fake news has never been more dishonest than it is today. thank goodness we can fight back on social media. there new weapon of choice is fake polling sometimes referred to as suppression polls (they suppress the numbers). had it in 2016 but this is worse......... so now tha matt lauer is gone when will the fake news practitioners at nbc be terminating the contract of phil griffin? and will they terminate low ratings joe scarborough based on the unsolved mystery that took place in florida years ago? investigate! .....call the fbi about these calls and meetings? how ridiculous! i would never be trusted again. with that being said my full answer is rarely played by the fake news media. they purposely leave out the part that matters. russia russia russia! thats all you heard at the beginning of this witch hunt hoax...and now russia has disappeared because i had nothing to do with russia helping me to get elected. it was a crime that didnt exist. so now the dems and their partner the fake news media..... the fake news is now complaining about my different types of back to back speeches. well their was afghanistan (somber) the big rally..... if the totally corrupt media was less corrupt i would be up by 15 points in the polls based on our tremendous success with the economy maybe best ever! if the corrup media was actually fair i would be up by 25 points. nevertheless despite the fake news were doing great! never thought id say this but i think  and   have even less understanding of the wall negotiations than the folks at fake news cnn and nbc! look to final results! dont know how my poll numbers are so good especially up 19% with hispanics? i enjoyed my interview with  on  so funny to watch the fake news media try to dissect and distort every word in as negative a way as possible. it will be aired on sunday night at 8:00 p.m. and is called president trump: 30 hours (which is somewhat.... there was no collusion with russia (except by the democrats). when will this very expensive witch hunt hoax ever end? so bad for our country. is the special councel/justice department leaking my lawyers letters to the fake news media? should be looking at dems corruption instead? it is amazing how the fake news media became crazed over the chant send he back by a packed arena (a record) crowd in the great state of north carolina but is totally calm and accepting of the most vile and disgusting statements made by the three radical left congresswomen.... people are not being told that the republican party is on track to pick up two seats in the u.s. senate and epic victory: 53 to 47. the fake news media only wants to speak of the house were the midterm results were better than other sitting presidents. melania and i were treated very nicely yesterday in pittsburgh. the office of the president was shown great respect on a very sad and solemn day. we were treaty so warmly. small protest was not seen by us staged far away. the fake news stories were just the opposite-disgraceful! ....it is very possible that those sources don't exsist but are made up by fake news writers.  is the enemy! so it was indeed (just proven in court papers) last in his class (annapolis) john mccain that sent the fake dossier to the fbi and media hoping to have it printed before the election. he and the dems working together  failed (as usual). even the fake news refused this garbage! ....when in fact under certain original scenarios it was in fact correct that alabama could have received some hurt. always good to be prepared! but the fake news is only interested in demeaning and belittling. didnt play my whole sentence or statement. bad people! wrong never even discussed this with kellyanne conway ot steve mnuchin. just more fake news!  does anyone notice how the montana congressional race was such a big deal to dems and fake news until the republican won? v was poorly covered in analyzing the alabama primary race fake news always fails to mention that the candidate i endorsed went up many points after election! the joint statement released with president bolsonaro in march makes absolutely clear that i support brazil beginning the process for full oecd membership. the united states stands by that statement and stands by   this article is fake news! 