We are not even into February and the cost of illegal immigration so far this year is $18959495168. Cost Friday was $603331392. There are at least 25772342 illegal aliens not the 11000000 that have been reported for years in our Country. So ridiculous! DHS
Democrats are holding our Military hostage over their desire to have unchecked illegal immigration. Cant let that happen!
Due to the fact that Democrats are unwilling to change our very dangerous immigration laws we are indeed as reported giving strong considerations to placing Illegal Immigrants in Sanctuary Cities only....
It would be so easy to fix our weak and very stupid Democrat inspired immigration laws. In less than one hour and then a vote the problem would be solved. But the Dems dont care about the crime they dont want any victory for Trump and the Republicans even if good for USA!
Next week ICE will begin the process of removing the millions of illegal aliens who have illicitly found their way into the United States. They will be removed as fast as they come in. Mexico using their strong immigration laws is doing a very good job of stopping people.......
For those who want and advocate for illegal immigration just take a good look at what has happened to Europe over the last 5 years. A total mess! They only wish they had that decision to make over again.
Could somebody please explain to the Democrats (we need their votes) that our Country losses 250 Billion Dollars a year on illegal immigration not including the terrible drug flow. Top Border Security including a Wall is $25 Billion. Pays for itself in two months. Get it done!
We will be forced to close the Southern Border entirely if the Obstructionist Democrats do not give us the money to finish the Wall &amp; also change the ridiculous immigration laws that our Country is saddled with. Hard to believe there was a Congress &amp; President who would approve!
So disgraceful that a person illegally in our country killed  linebacker Edwin Jackson. This is just one of many such preventable tragedies. We must get the Dems to get tough on the Border and with illegal immigration FAST!
Mexico is doing very little if not NOTHING at stopping people from flowing into Mexico through their Southern Border and then into the U.S. They laugh at our dumb immigration laws. They must stop the big drug and people flows or I will stop their cash cow NAFTA. NEED WALL!
Please understand there are consequences when people cross our Border illegally whether they have children or not - and many are just using children for their own sinister purposes. Congress must act on fixing the DUMBEST &amp; WORST immigration laws anywhere in the world! Vote R
We dont want what is happening with immigration in Europe to happen with us!
Mexico must use its very strong immigration laws to stop the many thousands of people trying to get into the USA. Our detention areas are maxed out &amp; we will take no more illegals. Next step is to close the Border! This will also help us with stopping the Drug flow from Mexico!
The Fake News is not mentioning the safety and security of our Country when talking about illegal immigration. Our immigration laws are the weakest and worst anywhere in the world and the Dems will do anything not to change them &amp; to obstruct-want open borders which means crime!
If the Democrats would stop being obstructionists and come together we could write up and agree to new immigration laws in less than one hour. Look at the needless  pain and suffering that they are causing. Look at the horrors taking place on the Border. Chuck &amp; Nancy call me!
Jobs are returning illegal immigration is plummeting law order and justice are being restored. We are truly making America great again!
Thank you to the great Republican Senators who showed up to our mtg on immigration reform. We must BUILD THE WALL stop illegal immigration end chain migration &amp; cancel the visa lottery. The current system is unsafe &amp; unfair to the great people of our country - time for change!
Under our horrible immigration laws the Government is frequently blocked from deporting criminal aliens with violent felony convictions. House GOP just passed a bill to increase our ability to deport violent felons (Crazy Dems opposed). Need to get this bill to my desk fast!
The Democrats in Congress are getting nothing done not on drug pricing not on immigration not on infrastructure not on nothing! Sooo much opportunity yet all they want to do is go fishing. The American people are tired of the never ending Witch Hunt they want results now!
We cannot allow all of these people to invade our Country. When somebody comes in we must immediately with no Judges or Court Cases bring them back from where they came. Our system is a mockery to good immigration policy and Law and Order. Most children come without parents...
Any deaths of children or others at the Border are strictly the fault of the Democrats and their pathetic immigration policies that allow people to make the long trek thinking they can enter our country illegally. They cant. If we had a Wall they wouldnt even try! The two.....
We have a National Emergency at our Southern Border. The Dems refuse to do what they know is necessary - amend our immigration laws. Would immediately solve the problem! Mexico with the strongest immigration laws in the World refuses to help with illegal immigration &amp; drugs!
Illegal immigration affects the lives of all Americans. Illegal Immigration hurts American workers burdens American taxpayers undermines public safety and places enormous strain on local schools hospitals and communities...
I would like to thank the President of Mexico Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador and his foreign minister Marcelo Ebrard together with all of the many representatives of both the United States and Mexico for working so long and hard to get our agreement on immigration completed!
....through their country and our Southern Border. Mexico has for many years made a fortune off of the U.S. far greater than Border Costs. If Mexico doesnt immediately stop ALL illegal immigration coming into the United States throug our Southern Border I will be CLOSING.....
We shouldnt be hiring judges by the thousands as our ridiculous immigration laws demand we should be changing our laws building the Wall hire Border Agents and Ice and not let people come into our country based on the legal phrase they are told to say as their password.
Another Fake Story on  that I offered Pardons to Homeland Securiy personnel in case they broke the law regarding illegal immigration and sanctuary cities. Of course this is not true. Mainstream Media is corrupt and getting worse if that is possible every day!
The Democrats are allowing a ridiculous asylum system and major loopholes to remain as a mainstay of our immigration system. Mexico is likewise doing NOTHING a very bad combination for our Country. Homeland Security is being sooo very nice but not for long!
The DEMOCRATS have given us the weakest immigration laws anywhere in the World. Mexico has the strongest &amp; they make more than $100 Billion a year on the U.S. Therefore CONGRESS MUST CHANGE OUR WEAK IMMIGRATION LAWS NOW &amp; Mexico must stop illegals from entering the U.S....
Why dont the Democrats give us the votes to fix the worlds worst immigration laws? Where is the outcry for the killings and crime being caused by gangs and thugs including MS-13 coming into our country illegally?
Democrats refusal to give even one vote for massive Tax Cuts is why we need Republican Roy Moore to win in Alabama. We need his vote on stopping crime illegal immigration Border Wall Military Pro Life V.A. Judges 2nd Amendment and more. No to Jones a Pelosi/Schumer Puppet!
DACA has been made increasingly difficult by the fact that Cryin Chuck Schumer took such a beating over the shutdown that he is unable to act on immigration!
I dont care what the political ramifications are our immigration laws and border security have been a complete and total disaster for decades and there is no way that the Democrats will allow it to be fixed without a Government Shutdown...
The Caravans are a disgrace to the Democrat Party. Change the immigration laws NOW!
We are fighting hard for Merit Based immigration no more Democrat Lottery Systems. We must get MUCH tougher (and smarter).  
Government Funding Bill past last night in the House of Representatives. Now Democrats are needed if it is to pass in the Senate - but they want illegal immigration and weak borders. Shutdown coming? We need more Republican victories in 2018!
Such a difference in the media coverage of the same immigration policies between the Obama Administration and ours. Actually we have done a far better job in that our facilities are cleaner and better run than were the facilities under Obama. Fake News is working overtime!
We need a 21st century MERIT-BASED immigration system.  Chain migration and the visa lottery are outdated programs that hurt our economic and national security. 
Brian Kemp is running for Governor of the great state of Georgia. The Primary is on Tuesday. Brian is tough on crime strong on the border and illegal immigration. He loves our Military and our Vets and protects our Second Amendment. I give him my full and total endorsement.
Mexico whose laws on immigration are very tough must stop people from going through Mexico and into the U.S. We may make this a condition of the new NAFTA Agreement. Our Country cannot accept what is happening! Also we must get Wall funding fast.
Illegal immigration costs the United States more than 200 Billion Dollars a year. How was this allowed to happen?
We are going to demand Congress secure the border in the upcoming CR. Illegal immigration must end!
As ridiculous as it sounds the laws of our country do not easily allow us to send those crossing our Southern Border back where they came from. A whole big wasted procedure must take place. Mexico &amp; Canada have tough immigration laws whereas ours are an Obama joke. ACT CONGRESS
....countries which are doing badly. I want a merit based system of immigration and people who will help take our country to the next level. I want safety and security for our people. I want to stop the massive inflow of drugs. I want to fund our military not do a Dem defund....
The migrant caravan that is openly defying our border shows how weak &amp; ineffective U.S. immigration laws are. Yet Democrats like Jon Tester continue to support the open borders agenda  Tester even voted to protect Sanctuary Cities. We need lawmakers who will put America First.
I look forward to working w/ D's + R's in Congress to address immigration reform in a way that puts hardworking citizens of our country 1st.
Time to end the visa lottery. Congress must secure the immigration system and protect Americans. 
The Democrats want to shut down the Government over Amnesty for all and Border Security. The biggest loser will be our rapidly rebuilding Military at a time we need it more than ever. We need a merit based system of immigration and we need it now! No more dangerous Lottery.
After North Korea missile launch it's more important than ever to fund our gov't &amp; military! Dems shouldn't hold troop funding hostage for amnesty &amp; illegal immigration. I ran on stopping illegal immigration and won big. They can't now threaten a shutdown to get their demands.
Our first duty and our highest loyalty is to the citizens of the United States. We will not rest until our border is secure our citizens are safe and we finally end the immigration crisis once and for all. 
Polling shows nearly 7 in 10 Americans support an immigration reform package that includes DACA fully secures the border ends chain migration &amp; cancels the visa lottery. If Ds oppose this deal they arent serious about DACA-they just want open borders. 
You cannot pass legislation on immigration whether it be for safety and security or any other reason including heart without getting Dem votes. Problem is they dont care about security and Rs do. Zero Dems voted to support the Goodlatte Bill. They wont vote for anything!
It is the Democrats fault for being weak and ineffective with Boarder Security and Crime. Tell them to start thinking about the people devastated by Crime coming from illegal immigration. Change the laws!
Its the Democrats fault they wont give us the votes needed to pass good immigration legislation. They want open borders which breeds horrible crime. Republicans want security. But I am working on something - it never ends!
No Amnesty is not a part of my offer. It is a 3 year extension of DACA. Amnesty will be used only on a much bigger deal whether on immigration or something else. Likewise there will be no big push to remove the 11000000 plus people who are here illegally-but be careful Nancy!
Immigration discussions at the White House with representatives of Mexico have ended for the day. Progress is being made but not nearly enough! Border arrests for May are at 133000 because of Mexico &amp; the Democrats in Congress refusing to budge on immigration reform. Further...
When we have an infestation of MS-13 GANGS in certain parts of our country who do we send to get them out? ICE! They are tougher and smarter than these rough criminal elelments that bad immigration laws allow into our country. Dems do not appreciate the great job they do! Nov.
The problem with agreeing to a policy on immigration is that the Democrats don't want secure bordersthey don't care about safety for U.S.A.
....If this is done illegal immigration will be stopped in its tracks - and at very little by comparison cost. This is the only real answer - and we must continue to BUILD THE WALL!
The Caravan is largely broken up thanks to the strong immigration laws of Mexico and their willingness to use them so as not to cause a giant scene at our Border. Because of the Trump Administrations actions Border crossings are at a still UNACCEPTABLE 46 year low. Stop drugs!
We are here on this beautiful spring day to unveil our plan to create a fair modern &amp; LAWFUL system of immigration for the U.S. If adopted our plan will transform Americas immigration system into the pride of our Nation and the envy of the modern world. 
What is the purpose of the House doing good immigration bills when you need 9 votes by Democrats in the Senate and the Dems are only looking to Obstruct (which they feel is good for them in the Mid-Terms). Republicans must get rid of the stupid Filibuster Rule-it is killing you!
The Democrats must end the loopholes on immigration. So easy to solve!
   Now is the best opportunity ever for Congress to change the ridiculous and obsolete laws on immigration. Get it done always keeping in mind that we must have strong border security.
Our Southern Border is under siege. Congress must act now to change our weak and ineffective immigration laws. Must build a Wall. Mexico which has a massive crime problem is doing little to help!
Mexico is making a fortune on NAFTA...They have very strong border laws - ours are pathetic. With all of the money they make from the U.S. hopefully they will stop people from coming through their country and into ours at least until Congress changes our immigration laws!
The super Liberal Democrat in the Georgia Congressioal race tomorrow wants to protect criminals allow illegal immigration and raise taxes!
Together we will continue unleashing the power of American enterprise so every American can know the dignity of work and the pride of a paycheck. With your help we will elect a Republican Congress to create a safe modern fair and LAWFUL system of immigration!  
Illegal immigration is a top National Security problem. After decades of playing games with the whole World laughing at the stupidity of our immigration laws and with Democrats thinking...
The weak illegal immigration policies of the Obama Admin. allowed bad MS 13 gangs to form in cities across U.S. We are removing them fast!
Republicans must make the horrendous weak and outdated immigration laws and the Border a part of the Midterms!
....this legislation with desperately needed immigration reform. We must have something good if not GREAT come out of these two tragic events!
45 year low in illegal immigration this year. 
Will be interviewed by  on  at 10:00 AM. Talking about the Southern Border and how the Dems MUST act fast to change our pathetic immigration laws. Will be tough watch!
Great news about the work we are doing on illegal immigration! 
Heading to Nevada to talk trade and immigration with supporters. Countrys economy is stronger than ever before with numbers that are getting better by the week. Tremendous potential and trade deals are coming along well.
Democrat Jon Ossoff would be a disaster in Congress. VERY weak on crime and illegal immigration bad for jobs and wants higher taxes. Say NO
Just spoke with Prime Minister  of Italy concerning many subjects including the fact that Italy is now taking a very hard line on illegal immigration...
Will the Democrats give our Country a badly needed immigration win before the election? Good chance!
In my speech on protecting America I spoke about a temporary ban which includes suspending immigration from nations tied to Islamic terror.
...I agree with their stance 100% and the United States is likewise taking a very hard line on illegal immigration. The Prime Minister is working very hard on the economy of Italy - he will be successful!
We must suspend immigration from regions linked with terrorism until a proven vetting method is in place.
Thanks to all of the Republican and Democratic lawmakers for todays very productive meeting on immigration reform. There was strong agreement to negotiate a bill that deals with border security chain migration lottery and DACA.  
When you put everything together the pro growth Tax &amp; Regulation Cuts help to retrain workers the Tariffs which encourage manufacturers to come back to America along with President Trumps tough approach on immigration (strong stance on illegals promoting Merit Based) it...
....energy independence manufacturing resilience illegal immigration coming down the Wall going up China confronted the caliphate defeated NAFTA renegotiated our military rebuilt NATO paying more regulations costing less.......and much more. This is why theyre....
Hillary Clinton's open borders immigration policies will drive down wages for all Americans - and make everyone less safe.
Today I hosted an immigration roundtable ahead of two votes taking place in Congress tomorrow. Watch and read more 
Thank you NH! We will end illegal immigration stop the drugs deport all criminal aliens&amp;save American lives! Watc 
Will be on  @ 10pE  discussing various subjects including immigration-if elected we will  &amp; enforce our laws!
I told you so. Our country totally lost control of illegal immigration even with criminals. 
Jeb Bush is desperate - strongly in favor of  and very weak on illegal immigration.
Border agent: We might as well abolish our immigration laws altogether
....energy independence manufacturing resilience illegal immigration coming down the Wall going up China confronted the caliphate defeated NAFTA renegotiated our militsry rebuilt NATO paying more regulations costing less.......and much more. This is why theyre....